and we're live we are celebrating 16
years as a
channel and 16 million subscribers and
we're doing it the best way we know how
by building computers with some generous
help from our sponsor Jawa and from many
of your favorite Hardware manufacturers
we are building 16 gaming PCs that we're
going to sell on Jaa for an amazing
price of just
$1,600 each and we will be donating the
profits to charity we're also going to
be looking back at 16 years of memories
testing my recollection with some
pricing challenges oh no and we're going
to do it all in Just 4 hours oh my God
we barely started and we're already like
an hour behind actually um okay what am
I supposed to be doing next ah yes when
in doubt segue to our sponsor
Jaa is the number one gaming Marketplace
to buy and sell gaming gear and get
awesome custom PCS at the best prices
with Black Black Friday just days away
what better time to buy a new custom
gaming computer than now on java. jaa's
PC finder can help you find the perfect
PC with just a few quick questions about
how you game and how much you want to
spend and you don't even have to give
them your email everything we're about
to build should be already live on Java
so all you got to do is check out the
links in the description it is
Continental us only sorry rest of world
including my fellow Canadian Patriots um
also the buyer may need to pay duties
but hey we're doing our best with it
we're going to tell you a little more
about Java a little later but first we
have got some work to do we've got to
get to building and I think the building
that I'm supposed to get to is over here
with my co-host Riley welcome lonus to
my build to my build station that's my
we've got two different base builds one
is AMD one is Intel we're going to be
building eight of each of two at a time
we'll talk about each part at some point
during the afternoon but maybe not
during every single build the exact gpus
are going to be the one thing that
varies Jawa sent over a dozen gpus for
us and Jordan over there is going to be
interrupting us with some memories from
each of our 16 years as a channel as we
go so without further Ado why don't we
get started um which one do you want to
do
I I don't know it's been a long time
since I actually built a PC I don't know
if I've I did build some at LT but I was
going to say since NCIX but no it's been
are these custom stickers that's so cool
double sweet 16 are we putting them on
the
computers that is so cool too 32
stream cuz it's double
sweet just um thank
you what are we supposed to say what the
components are are we just doing it
we're just going we could just do it if
you want have half an hour half hour I
have half an hour until I pH out of
existence we have half an hour well 28
minutes now well I do well is he going
to build a new pc every half hour he's
going every half hour whyus you better
hurry up uh yeah I'm going to actually
have to go pretty quick no pressure on
me okay well hey while I get the
motherboard and CPU and stuff built up
why don't we do your first uh your first
little memory thing Jordan all righty
well let's talk about uh first
memory from our first year which was
November 2008 to
2009 uh what video do you think got the
most views in that
time 2008 to 2009 yep brother I probably
couldn't I probably couldn't tell you a
single video that we uploaded in 2008 to
2009 okay all right well let's get no no
no I'm gonna try right no I'm gonna try
I'm gonna say
it
was an
unboxing which is I know a very bold
guess given that uh pretty much
everything we uploaded on the channel
was unboxings at that time it was just
all unboxings I'm going to say it was an
unboxing and is the
question which one got the most views
during that time frame or which during
that year during oh during the first
year of LTC existence during the first
year yeah I went by each individual year
oh boy okay we could have Dan threw up
the thumbnail maybe that'll give you a
clue no no no no no no I don't need the
thumbnail I don't need any hints was the
firet truck that year no no no it was
not in the first year I'm going to say
it was an unboxing oh I'm torn I'm torn
okay I'm going to let Riley caty do you
think it was I'm going to let Riley pick
okay do you think it was a motherboard
or a case in 2008 to 2009 yes big year
for for working in the PC indust big one
and I remember like it was yesterday you
were a Mac guy you have no idea what was
going on in the PC space I was a guy I
was a Mac guy at that time I was still
rocking my Core 2 Duo white MacBook that
I got for University nice okay but I
installed wine on it okay I was kind of
a dork that's pretty cool okay cool did
you install wine or did you spill wine
on it huh little bit of both I'm I'm in
seconde University sitting at home
swilling burning the midnight wine oil
studying yes
economics uh is that what you studied no
I was just trying to think of something
that you might study in University right
got it what did what did you study in
University I'm I actually don't know the
answer I got a uh psychology degree
how's that working out for
you great I've learned so much about you
oh you know what that's kind of fun I
said in the uh what it's like to work
did I don't know if you did you watch it
no I'm not allowed oh right well I'll
tell you just this part once the company
I I told myself that once the company
was shut down and or none of those
people worked here anymore then I would
allow myself to watch it so I'll tell
you just this one if I retire I'm
allowed to watch it I did say that I
have a psychology degree and that's sort
of a joke because it's not actually true
I'm like I could talk for hours about
linus' psychological profile or
something to that degree okay could you
talk for nope not right now is that like
is it like an ethical thing like you're
like you're not allowed to no of course
it's doctor patient confidentiality so
like we could we could do a session we
could do a session we could we could do
a session right now I'm sure the people
you still haven't guessed What the
freaking well you still haven't told me
what category it's motherboards
motherboards you're you were stalling
okay I'm going to go with Rampage 2
extreme motherboard
unboxing not even close not not well
okay are you even the real lonus I got a
camera right here okay oh he's got a
camera this big thing right here is
called a
camera okay look In fairness to me hold
on a second In fairness to me this place
is chalk covered in cameras how am I
supposed to know which camera is pointed
at anybody I mean Dan doesn't even have
a camera pointed at him so Dan are you
just are you just flipping between all
the things are you're moving all over
the place oh is this the one oh he's
cheating get out
here he's got he's got the video up on
the screen get out of here guy that
sounds like an old timey what are you
doing here man come
on oh man uh okay all right so not even
close not even close Okay well I saw
it's a GPU
yep man maybe this will help you it's
got uh 25,000 views in that year
25,000 views it's actually had more
views this month that it did in the
first month it was
out wow
what was even what was even the hotness
back then what if I break something here
this is do I take this off don't do that
no no don't don't take it off you just
leave it like that you can just kind of
slide so they did a little bit of
pre-building for us but in some ways
it's actually complicating the situation
because it prevents the uh the hold down
on the ilm from actually like um coming
all the way up so you'll just have to
kind of hold this here the CPU in there
and then it's been it's been so long
that I've built a PC that I the last
time I built a ryzen PC it had the the
pins were the opposite way yeah yeah it
was um not LGA the other one PGA is yeah
yeah you didn't give it the old
no I that's right though right PGA yeah
yeah what the what the I'm all about
tech news now I'm all about just talking
about platforms and Google and antitrust
uh yeah it's land grd away gr grd away
man I am I am off today I have I have
now tripped over my own tongue like four
times already on the stream land Golf
Association land AR as opposed to the
much more difficult seag golf or pin
grid array those are those are the two
options man these are nice machines for
1,600 bucks we're going to get into a
little bit more detail later but we've
got 7800x 3D processors it looks like
we've got uh 32 gigs of ddr5 memory uh
all the gpus are going to be a little
bit all over the place but the point is
that at retail
these would be costing hundreds of
dollars more and because of the
generosity of our partners Who provided
the vast majority of the parts for them
here's your RAM Riley oh thank you yeah
we just kind of randomly move the parts
around because of the generosity of our
partners Who provided all these parts uh
when we donate the profits from them
it's not going to be like you know 10%
or whatever like it would normally be
when you're building a computer it's
going to be darn near the entire amount
of the computer because most of these
parts were sent over for this charity
build stream which is pretty exciting
for me and when we talk about profits
from the computers that were crypto
mining right what oh man I think it is
it's been a while look I'm building PCS
it's taking me back like am I at ncx
right now that would be funny if it was
like a year ago but we are we are fny we
are headed into another crypto boom so I
have no idea what GPU pricing is going
to look like I well I oh I should
probably just because I don't say it is
not going to change the reality we
actually have a video coming on the main
Channel very soon um main Channel you
know who whoa whoa whoa uh we have a
video coming on the main Channel really
soon asking and trying to answer the
question is now a good time to build a
PC and there's a lot of factors to
consider like on the one hand you've got
um according to the rumors nvidia's 50
series coming but on the other hand
according to the rumors and also you
know nvidia's pattern of behavior Intel
oh sorry no you go you go you go you go
I have so many thoughts 50 Series isn't
going to be cheap uh and
also that could be exacerbated by the
incoming us administration's plans to
put some serious tariffs on basically
all Goods coming from well pretty much
anywhere um I've caught up to you by the
way you've caught up to me I thought you
were ahead the whole time no no that
won't be the case sorry okay so sorry
you had some thoughts on whether now's a
good time to buy a PC well no I just
thought you you mentioned
nvidia's uh cards coming up mhm just
maybe allegedly maybe we don't know
anything uh that's what the rumors have
been pointing to if we did we wouldn't
tell you and this week there were also
rumors about Intel's gpus I did see
those rumors yeah I did see those rumors
does this feel like a make or break
moment for Intel's GPU division jeez
Louise like if battl Mage does not
absolutely crush it and movees some
serious numbers are they just going to
pack the whole thing up yeah well I mean
I thought that they were packing the
thing up already like cuz there were
previous rumors talking about how they
were like okay we're not really going to
focus on discret gpus like in the
investor calls and stuff yeah that
wasn't even just a rumor that was the
CEO directly just saying we're not
really going to focus on it yeah yeah
how do I what is this oh this whole
thing comes out that's a that's a big
yikes if you're working on discrete gpus
at Intel now to be clear I'm not saying
they're going to they're going to stop
developing gpus anytime soon now that
we've seen battle mage integrated into
what has been a I
mean by Intel's recent standards yeah
what successful launch yeah the
integrated gpus on lunar Lake are part
of what makes those processors a
compelling option against amd's own um
so I don't think that Intel's you know
GPU architecture unit is going to go
anywhere but it does seem kind of
unlikely if if these battle mage
discreet gpus don't absolutely crush it
it seems kind of unlikely that we're
going to see many more of them in the
future but we'll have to see yeah I mean
the one that was leaked so there was an
Amazon listing leak for the oh I missed
this yeah this was just this week just
uh on the weekend actually The Arc b580
so like the not the top one that they do
which was the a770 yeah uh or the
a750 50 yeah 580 so this is the b580 the
successor to like their lowest one I
think it was the one of the
lowest oh that's mine yeah I know but I
already put my box away can I have your
thermal coup please I'm just about to
use it fine while you're waiting how
about that video you can't remember oh
yeah right should try and I guess that
video then uh okay GPU 2008
2009 this is post 8800 GTS this is pre98
is this 8800 GT you know what how much
do you use is that is that too much I'm
going to say it's an EVGA 9800 GT is
that too a little bit more no all right
fine can you
just all right I'll put you out of your
misery yeah put me put out of my misery
show show me the show me the video Dan's
got the thumbnail there okay where's the
thumbnail on his live screen there oh H
there's a computer screen in between me
and that screen computer screen a
computer uh Tower hang on a second we'll
fix that it's not a screen it's quite
quite opaque and oh it's an XFX y so
that would be
[Music]
an 9800 GTX 5870
587 had they already made the switch to
radon only I'm not sure but no kidding
you're a fake te Tech Tipper yep even I
knew that I totally forgot when XFX made
the decision I wonder all these years
later if they regret that move or not
because the the old school among you
will remember that like EVGA and
BFG XFX was actually Nvidia exclusive
before they went AMD exclusive they are
to my knowledge the One exclusive Nvidia
board partner who has ever just gone
completely the other way and gone AMD or
or well like radon
exclusive I think gainward may have been
Nidia exclusive at some point don't
quote me on that one um in fact don't
anybody quote me on anything because I'm
going to I'm going to get my cheat sheet
or as I call them lat the cat the chat
I'm going to bring that I'm going to
bring the chat up and see if you guys
can remember anything that I'm
forgetting here uh here we go first time
float planner love the show okay great I
don't think that's working we've had
some internet issues
today which is why the stream started an
hour behind
schedule oh man this is this is really
taxing my my brain here it's been a
while really I I don't I don't do this
anymore yeah I stopped kind of makes
sense I stopped writing LTT videos CU I
really wanted to make Tech longers and
you let me to my surprise yeah how are
uh how are those doing are those doing
the analytics for those lately oh I mean
they just take too long ah okay well I
mean it is right in the name but we'll
have to see take longers take longers I
think that was that joke was it was made
a number of times has that made have I
made that joke before yes I believe so
oh okay I don't remember making that
joke I thought it was fresh I think
everyone made it we all made it we were
having a great time
together sorry
Riley no it was good I think I have my I
think I have my chat working now oh I
should pause these because I'm Tethered
to my phone right now do I need to go
all the way with oh yeah yours are tight
uh yes you go all the way until it
bottoms out I'm just trying to be like
you lus so I have a quick question for
you Jordan yes sir no not I'm implying
anything about my current co-host or
anything of that nature um but uh but
how much help am I expecting to have
like completing these PCS like do most
of the I'm helping you right now you
really are um do most of the co-hosts sh
know how to build computers or am I am I
going to be I I know how to build
computers I care about quality over
quantity okay take longers right there
you have a mix of a veteran and somewhat
less veteran help got it um just so that
we can sort of gear me up and prepare me
for what's going to be happening today
who's my most veteran co-build geez
lonus don't say Riley don't say Riley
I'm honestly I'm honestly probably on
the upper level side right I'll I'll
give it to Jake Jake okay so Jake's my
most veteran Builder he's a pretty
veteran Builder Jake's okay I mean he's
a he's a young man but he's definitely
built his fair share of computers okay
and who's my least veteran Builder today
please say Riley please say Riley not
Riley not Riley okay okay I used to i'
I've built I mean this is why it's so
funny because I I feel like I've
built particularly at NC I built a crap
ton of PCS oh yeah 100% it's between a
couple of people we'll find out later I
feel like close to a 100 over the
years yeah I I just pulled that
completely out of my but you were the
main like techy guy I was the guy at
NCIS you know at a certain time yeah
Chris was there yep
um and other
people actually you know what I'm going
to say did I do this wrong no no because
one of them's Well normally you would
have I shouldn't say normally often
these days you'll have a CPU fan header
and then you'll have like a CPU opt or
like a secondary CPU fan header but in
on this motherboard you've got a CPU fan
header you've got a pump fan which Often
by default is configured to run it 100%
uh and and then you've also got a system
fan header up here so because I want I
just stabbed my finger it's not bleeding
I don't have to fill out the form um
nobody saw it um so be I just did it
again wow that RGB header is really
sharp we're using this as evidence I
just stabbed two of my fingers we're off
to a really good show them the
wound um you did it for charity Linus
yeah yeah yeah yeah they they take they
take food bank right I put my fan on the
wrong way buy a system with lest blood
in it no that's fine what yeah no that's
fine it's going to go this it's going to
go this we want to go that way don't we
no it's not it's going to go this way
you're good what don't worry Riley
you're doing a great job you your
instincts Oh no you're right have kicked
in your PC building muscle double cheing
things before you get too far in has
taken over and then you yeah you build
the entire thing and you realize you
have to disassemble the entire thing
because one thing went wrong yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah but nothing went wrong
you're doing great honestly you're a
little slow I mean the fact that I'm can
you just hey he's got 11 minutes left
he's got tons of time yeah 11 we've got
11 minutes to finish this the PC is
basically built and Ian we have to stay
on schedule today like we don't really
have a choice because um other hosts are
are coming in they're they're coming in
hot Riley they're coming in yep and but
well you know but
like I'm stressed I want to do go as far
as I can but at the same time I'm not
what I'm not going to get in trouble if
I don't finish this or wait
yeah I don't think you do are there
Stakes I don't think yeah hey Jordan are
there any Stakes like if people don't
finish does that person just get a
crappier unfinished PC like is that the
idea like do we get Stakes at the end
who who brought who brought out this
antistatic strap came with the uh the
pad it came with the pad oh it came with
the modmat that were're hey are we ever
launching this thing do you know can you
do you want to send a quick message over
to Nick I have no internet when we oh
talk to him later right the internet
problems it's been guys it has been an
actual Adventure today zomer says line
is quick question how many screwdrivers
does it take to solve all my tech
problems well legitimate question though
I mean I'm sure that every Tech problem
could be solved with some amount of
screwdrivers you just have to get
creative yeah I mean you need thermal
paste like there's metal in screwdrivers
if you grind it up fine enough you could
kind of put it in there mix it in with a
little bit of peanut butter or like
toothpaste or something I think you
could make that work as pretty bad de
advice um well look if people wanted
good Tech advice then they can go watch
toasty Bros okay this is we're an
entertainment Channel purely an
entertainment Channel I get I get such a
I get such a kick out of that right
because uh I get about for I think for
every LT is just entertainment for every
one of those messages that I see
I get a message or an email in my inbox
or I have an interaction with someone in
person that's like Dude LT kick started
me on my it career and I'm like a system
admin now or I just finished my uh I
just finished my degree in compai or
whatever else I think that people I
think that people underestimate how hard
our writing team you know people like
Jordan work to make sure that the
content yes is entertaining because that
matters I mean think back to your
teachers right if you had an
entertaining teacher in school were you
like oh yeah but it's like just
entertainment no the best ones will
entertain you while also teaching you
something do we get absolutely
everything right and are we absolutely
perfect and do we go into the greatest
depth on every subject
no that's what you go to Tech link
for subscribe
today yeah subscribe to TechLink that's
that's where you'll get the deepest the
deepest depth the deepest yeah analysis
expert all right but but we do go out of
our way to bury to bury knowledge
nuggets you know in between all of our
in between all of our cars okay and
mansions okay we also want to deliver on
knowledge knowledge is he still
culturally relevant I don't know but I
made that same reference the other day
and I was like I don't maybe this isn't
a good idea like like on the show or
like in person you know what I like more
than Tech tips knowledge
knowledge I don't think he has a New
York accent but I did it for a second
okay Riley let's have some fun or at
least I'm going to have fun do what no
I'm going to have fun I don't know if
you're going to have fun but I'm going
to have fun you put that in wait I want
you to do don't I put can you do some
accents for me like how many accents can
you do you know what it's a bit of a
dance let's have let's have fun uh
Andrew Andrew can you for a second you
know what let's have fun yeah let's have
fun I've decided today we're going to
have fun I can I borrow you Andrew we
have fun here can you go stand next
don't do no not with Andrew no okay
Riley can you do your no no Riley has an
Irish accent I couldn't I couldn't
possibly there's no way don't don't make
me do it lonus I won't but no no it
doesn't matter what I think it matters
what you think I'm very insulted right
now well cuz I don't know I I you did
reveal what area of Ireland you're from
I've revealed it yeah yeah but I I I I
have one Irish accent I don't know like
the different you know so you
don't somewhere in the
middle I have one Irish accent you don't
even have
that I'm sorry I'm so sorry to put you
both on the spot I'm not actually sorry
I actually found that really funny but
uh I'm not even sorry about little it I
didn't know that part comes off
why don't we uh shout out our first uh
donor company here on oh let's do that
let's shout out our first donor company
um okay uh uh Jordan do you want to do
that because I don't actually know who
they are it's right on the screen here
for you oh it's right on the screen uh
Kingston there you go Kingston sent over
eight of their what are they nv3 nv3 two
terabyte of their two terabyte yep
Kingston sent over uh 16 eight they sent
over eight of their two terabyte ssds
for these machines um that is all
completely free of charge which means
that when we go and we donate the
profits from these machines to oh boy
this is uh this is kind of scary when we
go to donate the profits of these
machines to charity uh the entire value
of those ssds will be part of that
donation now my understanding is that we
have not actually settled on an exact
charity is that is that correct uh we're
looking at uh probably a local food bank
but the exact one is not sh certain yet
you know what seems like uh seems like a
good time a good time to donate to the
local food bank what with things being
challenging and this being a
particularly uh challenging time of year
so hopefully we can get that process
pretty quickly and uh help make a few
people's Christmas a little bit more
merry is that mag the plan for now uh is
which magnetic this little doohickey
here Corsair you know what it really
looks like it is Corsair link it is the
least of my concerns right now I'm
figure out why my motherboard's not
going in you guys have 5 minutes left my
good oh come on oh you know what we got
another memory we got to get to as well
uh okay so uh Dan do you have any merch
messages we're kind of runting some
casual Black Friday sales on LTT
store are there any people are any
people picking up merch messages yeah
there's quite a few coming in all right
hit me Dan sure I love the magnetic
Cable Management idea but it's a little
on the expensive side have you ran into
any competition with this product has
anyone tried to copy or undercut you to
your customers uh that's a really good
question so the thing about our magnetic
cable management is that a majority of
the cost is in the neodymium magnets uh
so neodymium is you know a commodity
material which means that the price is
the price sort of no matter where you
are or who you are or uh what currency
you buy in or sell in um and so in terms
of undercutting right you could try to
undercut us on the neodymium by just
taking less margin but I can tell you
that um you know if you're an Amazon
Marketplace seller for instance you're
probably going to be spending about what
our margin is on that product just on
Amazon listing and selling fees so
you're not going to be competing with us
on Amazon um and if you're sort of you
know running your own Marketplace or
whatever else then um you're probably
going to want to make some margin so
you're probably going to be priced
similarly to us because the reality of
it is is once you are once you're
working with injection molding Plastics
are functionally very little cost um and
the same for the little plates that we
have for them that so you can attach
them to like you know wood surfaces or
or whatever else like those are those
are literally pennies the vast majority
of the cost is in the neodymium so
because neodymium costs what it costs um
it's going to be pretty hard to
Undercover us without um significantly
harming the quality what makes the
magnetic Cable Management products work
so well is that the magnets are super
super strong and uh they they hold stuff
really really well and so if you were to
have a competing product that's the same
as LTT magnetic cable management but
with less magnet in it then you would
just have a worse product so will
someone make a worse product at a lower
price probably but I don't really have
any interest in competing in that space
if they want to do that I think that's
chill um and I yeah I'm not into
it no I'm not really worried oh the
round ones oh Riley is Riley listen for
crying out loud Riley is Charity it's a
yeah that's a you're going to you're
going to Dent the glass
panel Dent it two minute warning you
could Dent It 2 minutes jeez you know I
was actually feeling pretty good cuz I
was pretty close to you we like we got
our case out at the same time and the I
had my mother I mean you were talking
the whole time what else is new you know
you know what I mean like geez wow wow
Riley thank you for that what a guy but
now I'm just wait way behind I just like
geez don't worry Riley I think that you
are doing absolutely what are you doing
oh jeez Rick what I I got to put the
screws in the oh yeah in the motherboard
oh yeah yeah no that's great that's good
is that's where the screws go in there
right they do I think they go well they
don't go in the motherboard they go in
the case um through a hole in the
motherboard you know so they so the so
it's attached like a motherboard should
be yeah right that's what you usually
do uh Dan do you want to hit me with a
merch message I am I'm not going to lie
I'm getting I'm getting a little
stressed out here
because even I who build a lot of
computers like now oh I didn't put the
shield in have you didn't put the ey
always at least I checked at least I
checked yeah now was a better time to
check then after you had put in all of
the uh all the screws all the
motherboard screws you're getting
stressed because why um because even I
who build computers on a fairly regular
basis still um not exactly finishing
these in half an hour um we're going to
have to try and who can can like I feel
like that's like the fastest people can
do half an hour I mean I'm sure some of
the builders at NC could do that no in
the I love in the I love building
computer stream where I was actually
trying to build them as fast as possible
I think I got down to about eight or
nine minutes I want to say no what 17 17
is that 176 Oh I thought I thought it
was lower than that oh my goodness so
I'm actually going to have to haul butt
in order to make this happen you know
what I can do it though we're so we're
are we going to Time Each one we going
to Time Each one yep you're moving over
here now no no I got to finish we got a
set a baseline no no we got uh guys
coming in to finish for you I know but I
got to set a baseline at least for my
machine don't worry I'm going to make it
up in the next one I'm going to make it
up to the next one Mark you want to
start on that one oh hi Mark yeah you
can have a head start Mark all right go
for it uh I'll be over there at a minute
you just give me well maybe a slightly
more than a minute oh man so Jordan did
I really start at the half hour mark on
this you started at the half hour
mark okay if I can finish this one in 35
minutes minutes uhhuh right then if I
can finish the next one in 25 minutes
I'll be caught up after just two PCS and
then if I could finish the next one in
23 minutes I'll be 2 minutes ahead which
would be incredible and if I could
finish the next one in 19 minutes then I
would
be slightly more ahead you are one
minute behind already Jordan Jordan
Jordan Jordan Jordan look look look
Jordan I sir sir sir this sir this is a
Wendy's not even supposed to be building
PCS yeah but PC wasn't built in a day
okay supposed to be building Junior
braking cheeseburgers a we're not
sponsored by Wendy's
don't what um oh is it jbc's is the
acronym in case you're Wonder that's
what you're trying to think about right
no that's not what I'm trying to think
about at all I'm actually really scared
right now because I feel like you and I
may have up a bunch of our stuff no and
because these are systems that are going
to actual people who are going to
actually use them at some point actually
you know wait I didn't think about that
but I I've done a good job um they might
need to have all of their accessories
included with them and and what not you
didn't no we didn't cross-pollinate our
our deals here are you sure yeah what do
you mean how how is that possible I mean
you took some of my thermal pce so
whoever gets the cooler is going to you
know get a little cheated there I can't
believe
we have a team for that it's okay uh no
no we got this we got this I've got this
you know what I've got this totally
under control and I am no longer
stressed at all because of math I did
the math earlier and if I can build each
computer two minutes faster than the
last one I'll be ahead by the time we're
done that's why I'm not stressed oh my
goodness this case just tripped me out I
went to lift it up and there was no
there was no anything there it's
starting Hallucination is starting Oh no
you're an AI Linus this isn't real if I
was an AI I would probably
uh probably be building this faster
right now okay probably I think I'm in I
think I'm in pretty good shape here
right now I'm mostly um certainly looks
like I couldn't help wondering what
these fans are for just in case just in
case now they're just in the case
this guy's a
father that's
content puns like those that's cont okay
uh J hey Jordan which GPU is me
whichever you like whichever I like
those are both from java I can have
whatever I like please please I'm going
to take the one with the bigger cooler
let's go like it a little faster what
what a little faster leg it a little
faster he's like stressing about getting
the build's built on time but he's also
stopping to dance and do a little yeah
you're 4 minutes over now and I'm uh and
I'm more done than Riley so you also
four minutes behind the next one too
dude this guy this guy's a Mac guy you
think I'm not going to catch up to Mark
in like the first two minutes look at
him he's got a manual out for how to
install his
CPU not with you it's not
don't if you're slower than Lions you
don't get to have any cake okay so C I'm
I'm off now right yeah I think you're
off I need a handicap what no no I'm
still going to finish mine regardless
Mark what yeah you're good Riley huh
you're good so our skilled team of
procurement professionals are finishing
up any PCs that don't get finished
you're going or is it Reese Reese okay
mix of logistics and procurement you
know you know the people who do the real
work skilled regardless who aren't just
pretty faces they're also pretty faces
everyone's a pretty face okay I'm just
gonna leave this yeah perfect I'm not
gonna do any more damage I mean it's you
can PR pretty much ship it like this I
it's a it's a concept PC Riley this
could to you could totally take this to
computex and just be like oh we have a
bold New Vision you it transforms into a
caterpillar you can kind of see where
you were going I think I think that's
really good great work Riley all right
uh all right wow that makes me feel so
great patronize him like that I'm going
to go ahead and I'm going to put a side
panel on this bad boy and I'm going to
figure out how it's Oriental mated and
then do do I have to post them is that
when the stopwatch stops okay well the
stopwatch never stops so you know
everybody see you later Riley thanks for
dropping
in happy happy birthday me it's a weird
thing to bring up when someone's leaving
happy 32 years uh uh Dan stall them hit
me with a merch message yeah sure sure
sure sure hi less what do you think is
the next big Tech change you're excited
for I'm hoping for a drastic leap in
Battery tech sometime
soon man doesn't Battery Technology feel
almost like uh like carbon Nano tubes at
this point I wish Riley was here so we
could talk about so we could talk about
carbon Nano tubes you know where it's
tubes what hey he's back he's back he
wants to talk about car I'm sure Mark
knows about carbon nanot tubes
machines yeah it feels like carbon Nano
tubes you know where every other week
we're hearing about some huge
advancement that's going to absolutely
revolutionize the entire world and week
after week it just stays mostly relevant
to the lab and uh and not really not
really applicable to the real world um
to be clear I'm really excited about you
know solid state batteries and some of
the headlines are extremely promising
like you got companies that claim
they're putting them in cars right now
and the range is awesome and it's
incredible um I just want to touch it
you know I want to see it uh I do think
that better Battery Technology will
change everything like oh man this is
this is something that drove me crazy
when I had this realization I pulled my
old iPhone 6 out of my nightstand drawer
because I wanted an iPhone with a
headphone jack I wanted to like listen
to headphones on my iPhone and I
couldn't find my uh my USBC adapter um
don't ask why it doesn't matter the
point is I pulled it out and I was like
wow this is really thin like that's
really cool man they've gotten they've
gotten chunky you know if Apple could
put a if Apple could put that same
capacity battery in a in a slim form
factor again you know they would because
they're apple and it's kind of what they
do uh Hey were we expecting there to be
an HDMI cable um on this monitor by any
chance I suspect this is posted and I'm
going to I'm going to call this one down
I think you're good I'm calling that
time so uh you're seven and a half over
okay you know what not bad I am about to
just absolutely clown on this Noob wait
where's my PC H where the heck is my
stuff oh it's oh it's way up there mark
you're taking up the whole you're taking
up the whole table here brother I mean
what's the
what hey look look I got AI
Ram that's that that that's probably A1
AMD system one I assume right not not
AI I'm going to go with that it's AMD
system one uh okay Jordan yeah buddy
what am I supposed to be doing this is
we're on year two now for those of you
joining us a little bit late this is our
double sweet 16 we we're on year three
we missed year two we missed year two
you were kind of slow so I skipped it
what no we have to do year two all right
year two okay year two well hold on I
got to update the people I got to update
the people and I got to get I get got to
get Mark's tower out of my way
apparently I'm supposed to supposed to
do everything around here I'm supposed
to compete with like a tiny sliver of
table over here um so we're doing a
double sweet 16 stream where we're
celebrating 16 years as a channel and
also 16 million subscribers by Building
16 PCS in the most chaotic way possible
for charity where is my motherboard how
did it how did my motherboard end up I
have no idea how
that were you stashing my stuff to slow
me down no it was in my way did you guys
see him where's where's chat chat's GNA
chat's going to out you did he do
that they didn't see it he was C off
camera wag you yum yum I saw
nothing I saw nothing nothing happened
stop gaslighting your employ that's
right go I don't believe liting isn't
real I did nothing wrong I don't believe
you I don't believe you and I especially
don't believe any of you I am quite
certain that I would have I would have
realized if my computer was supposed to
be like that uh okay okay year two okay
year two let's do this thing all right
year two so November 2009 to
2010 you were a wee
baby and uh this video got 110 ,000
views that year 110,000
views 2000 2009 2010 yeah so mostly 2010
cuz it's November to
November man see you guys don't
understand the you guys don't understand
the pressure I'm under trying to answer
these questions
because we unbox random stuff back then
like I would I would unbox a portable
hard drive you know I I would unbox a a
a coupon code for a game that was coming
with like a like a bundle you know when
you buy a a GPU or CPU motherboard
bundle or something right like
I I have no idea which videos performed
well I know which ones have performed
well in the long term I might be able to
take some stabs at that but he wants me
to tell you which ones performed well
out of the gate
let's just say I'm going to oh no no no
I don't want any hints I don't want any
hints I don't need them I don't I don't
need the hints all right you're try to
buy more time that's all I am not trying
to buy anything I'm trying to sell these
amazing PCS that we're building at java.
G okay and all the profits are going to
charity that's what I'm trying to do
today and how dare
you how dare you how dare you question
my motives today Mr Jordan block yep to
say to say to
me that I might be stalling for time
never why I find
it I find it to
be I find it to be
unconscionable to say that I might be
stalling for time he Mark you want to
hit him for me
I'm are you are you taking my stuff
again you know that I've already
installed that CPU right you have
effectively hidden nothing you have
achieved exactly nothing and also I saw
you do
it I saw you do it this time you will
have absolutely no one on your side now
I'm going to go check I'm going to check
right now while I unbox this fan because
I can multi did you just take all of his
Ram you guys all saw that I saw nothing
I saw
nothing no no you saw saw
everything he actually did it he
actually he put the ram a different
place what no it's in his computer
where'd he put the
ra Mark Mark you only get one kit of ram
there's four Ram slots yeah there's four
Ram slots but this is AMD so two of the
ram slots are mostly
decorative if you want to run them at uh
if you want to run them at an optimal
speed you don't use them at least my CPU
is inde decorative uh my CPU is not
decorative my CPU is right here oh I was
making an Intel
joke so how about that year two video
Dang Dang now hold on hold on hold on
hold on hold
on this we don't need
light because Mark casts all the shade
all by
himself this is also I think I've
created a serious problem for myself oh
no it turned back on on its own oh good
the power button up there which if you
guys have followed any of dbrands
marketing you'll know that I'm 4 foot
one and can't reach
it room okay here what is what does it
say on there andy oh that's right that
one's I amver short.com yeah I remember
now oh
boy okay well I am in a flow now and
what you guys may have noticed is that
even though I'm still behind mark I have
15 minutes to complete this PC which I
have made excellent progress on and this
time around I have pulled out all the
things that I need ahead of time whoops
toles oh like wires and thermal paste
and IO Shields and all that stuff I bet
he doesn't even have his IO shield look
at
him he does now Mark you were going to
build a NZ a little while ago what is
the last what is the last PC that you
built the last PC that I built yeah did
you end up building that Naz oh yeah
yeah what kind of what kind of machine
did you go for AMD oh okay uh it's uh
b550 it was quite a while
ago and it works no one saw that
right had the plastic bottom on the
bottom of my cooler who needs verify for
you h no no you don't need you don't
need to see you don't you don't need to
see any of that uh now what do you what
use your Nas for are you still super
into like VHS capture is that like a
side hustle still or like yeah I learned
all about the uh beams Day
project duplicated oh okay you're going
to have to tell me about it because I
have to confess that while I find the
topic interesting I haven't dedicated
nearly the amount of time that you have
to like old analog video capture so uh
tell me about the Doomsday project so
well uh so I got my whole analog capture
set up posted on uh X and uh they told
me or somebody DMD me and was like hey
there's this better thing that like can
capture your footage at like the
original uh right potato yeah but like
way better in terms of like instead of
going through your RCA output okay yeah
oh like you can pull the internal tape
quality like kind of like with like
consoles where you can like pull the
original quality right off the chip
instead of taking it to like the uh the
RCA output on the console or whatever
like there's an internal right there's
like an RF test point that you can tap
into and uh get more detail which is
amazing uh I'm not good with soldering
so Dan Mr Dan helped me out with that
yeah that was a lot of fun yeah um it
was pretty interesting I have never seen
you know like the snow on the VH yes oh
yeah I have never seen it perfectly
Pixel Perfect like all of the squares
like you can see the brushes going over
the well the heads going over the tape
cuz it's it's all magnetic in incredible
yeah I was uh I was floored okay that's
pretty cool is this a new thing yeah
like
2018 really and it was used originally
for laser disc and the cool thing is
because it's all magnets yeah it's all
magnetic you can uh basically do it with
anything that has an t
so very cool even if they don't haven't
decoded the actual
signal it exists so this is the end game
once you capture it like this there is
absolutely no point in continuing to
hold onto your original media in hopes
that a better capture method could come
along or anything basically but I've
heard that this is the end game multiple
times in my life so right uh we'll see
I'm I'm I'm very impressed with it
though oh that's pretty cool yeah and so
is that something that people like come
to you for often or is it mostly a hobby
or
like uh right now it's mostly a
hobby but uh we'll see we'll see maybe I
uh can make a little side hustle out of
it I mean we did that video a little
while ago if you guys remember uh we did
that video on capturing one of my old
VHS tapes and um Mark was brought in as
sort of a an outside well an inside
consultant because the truth
is he's probably forgotten more about
analog capture than I ever knew like I
always found it I always found it
interesting like my first real GPU was
actually one of those Allin Wonder ones
that had the the TV tuner on it because
I loved the idea of being able to get
video into into the PC like if you can
if you can take video out of the PC
surely you know you should be able to
get video into the PC but as it turns
out video capture and encoding
is half black
magic yeah half black magic and half
half science
um well it's it's all science I know all
science I know but black magic yeah yeah
yeah black magic design yeah yeah you
know a company that makes capture I'm
more of an Aja guy myself which is fair
which is fair and valid I'm just that's
based that's just not a joke it's not
funny yeah no I know I mean mine wasn't
funny either
but uh minutes how many minutes 11 11
minutes no problem no problem brother
because because I couldn't help noticing
a little thing I couldn't help noticing
a little thing here remember remember
how I told Mark I was
like he he probably doesn't even have
his IO Shield remember how I said that
guess what he doesn't have in his
computer right
now that's two two for two who needs an
IO
Shield nobody needs an you do what do
you need it for what does it
do he actually pulled it out and showed
it to me and then forgot to put it in
it's the most common it's the most
common Mac guy PC Building error wow wow
wow I've seen Lots these days that have
it just built in yeah yeah also I still
don't know what it's for uh grounding
dust grounding I actually think it's
more to do with RF Dan oh that would
make sense I think it's to make the uh
it's to make the entire chassis enclosed
and you know safe or whatever so the
reality of it is it doesn't you're not
still putting in screws are wait what
screwdriver you using what is going on
over here nobody give me a screwdriver
I'm what are you you taking out the
motherboard or you leaving it in oh my
what's
happening how many have we done um we've
got some great Black Friday deals
running on LTT store so if you wanted to
leave a merch message now is as good a
time as any we've got free shipping
around the world I think it's on orders
over $300 is that right I've got so many
merch messages I have no idea probably
okay cool well go to LTD store and buy
stuff I have to put this in beforehand
oh yeah buddy oh man oh yeah buddy so uh
I have in uh what what am I at like 12
minutes here closed the Gap and pulled
into the lead not that it's a
competition not that it's a competition
cuz like I said it it was never going to
be a competi it was never going to be a
competition well it's not really trash
talk when it's like over you you know I
didn't have a
screwdriver I mean for the first little
bit I mean that sounds like a skill
issue to me buy yeah it's not like you
work a place where uh yeah this is a
pretty good screwdriver screwdrivers run
like milk and
honey I'm a video editor we don't edit
videos with
screwdrivers I mean if you did I'd be
pretty impressed well that would make
for a fun short yeah I should I should
pitch that to Arty like okay here Arty
hear me
out for a for a spot for LTT store we uh
we have one of the video editors Ed it
with a screwdriver LTT like uh Edward
scissors hands but we just like like zap
strap a bunch of screwdrivers to all
their fingers I'm into it screwdriver
hands um shoot I actually missed
something on my last machine I didn't
plug in this front USB two header I
didn't see it so uh I I'll I'll penalize
myself I'll give myself a small uh 30-
second penalty so so Jordan you're
keeping track of my times right
sure where the devil is my front audio
connector on this case are these all the
same case yep okay so all the first
eight are so
whoever's job does this go here arrange
hold on miss my front panel audio yes
sir does this go in here or does it go
in here yeah yeah it goes in here it
goes in here yeah okay it's funny how
many things I kind of take for granted
as an old school Builder that um that
people who didn't really build back in
the day I built back in the day won't
know well or may have forgotten I
rebuilt
my G5 Power Mac okay that doesn't count
yeah that that doesn't really count oh
here it is cry out loud okay why don't
we uh shout out a couple of more donors
for us yeah let's shout out one of our
donors okay so uh massive shout out to
noctua who contributed 16 of their these
are NHD 15s hey yeah yeah 16 of their
nhd15 chromax black coolers you can
check these out here these are a great
cooler for cooling
well basically anything and uh that
means that when we are donating the
profits of these machines which we are
selling at uh java. when we're donating
the profits the entire value of those
coolers gets to be donated rather than
contributing to our costs so thank you
very much nocta we were actually blown
away by the generosity of our partners
when we told them what we were doing um
we ended up man I I think we ended up
getting almost everything comped by
someone they were all extremely excited
to help contribute to this and it's just
uh it's heartwarming especially this
time of year so massive shout out to
noctua and then I think I've got another
one yep I also want to shout out gskill
who sent over eight of their flare X5
memory kits these are a perfect pairing
for our AMD systems they are ddr5 6000
and the exact uh CL rating I'm going to
guess 30 because G skill gskill ain't no
fool yeah there you go so they're DDR
56000 cl30 32 gig kits they sent over
eight of these to make sure that our
systems would have enough memory and
enough highp speed memory that you're
going to be playing the latest games
let's go uh what else we got here that's
five minute warning uh five minute
warning huh I don't even need five more
minutes to finish this PC you wouldn't
even believe how fast I'm going to
finish this one yeah let's take B on
that it's going to be so fast fast it's
going to be so fast look at this I'm
plugging in my front panel headers and
everything Dan just to show how
confident I am yeah hit me with a merch
message I'm going to build the rest of
this PC in 5 minutes while also replying
to merch messages wow easy hey dll uh
it's just DL and M now what is the worst
computer parts company my personal pick
has to be
HP oh see I could get behind I could get
behind the HP pick if we consider a
printer a computer parts because I am
not a fan of some of the incredibly
anti-consumer things that they pull with
respect to their
printers
however if I have to narrow it down to
computer parts HP does have that case
but I wouldn't really I wouldn't really
classify them as a computer parts
company I would say they're more of
finished goods company so if I've got to
pick a computer parts
company am I allowed to pick ones that
don't exist anymore is that an option
because some of them uh don't exist for
good reason
ocz Dan you spoiled the answer oh sorry
I actually have a personal Vendetta
about them uh I guess that's unrelated
you and everyone has a personal Vendetta
against ocz
OC OC was the one that I was going to
pick to give you some idea of how Shady
this company was they marketed they
marketed a product that used um what
they called utt dieses um and these
these UT memory dieses the way that uh
the way that ocz marketed them was that
compared to the really desirable dies at
the time uh so things like in the lower
capacity DDR days like wind Bond bh5 or
later on you had uh Samsung tcds for
instance uh the way that they marketed
these UT dieses was that man they were
flipping fast all you had to do was pump
enormous amounts of voltage through them
and you could get them to go like like
wicked fast um and like don't worry we
got your back if anything goes wrong
we'll like we'll get you a new one so UT
was short for was code for
untested so basically instead of
actually binning them and making sure
that they could run at the speed that
they were selling them at they just
marketed like as a as a as a bullet
point like on the product page that
these were untested dyes and you could
just juice the snot out of them and they
would cover it under warranty
and uh that was that was their
product and you know what oh yeah sorry
what's that I have a fun story about ocz
do you yeah I bought one does it involve
an agility SSD uh yeah uh I bought one
because you recommended me one on nzx
Tech tips years ago okay so In fairness
to me agility ssds were a crazy good
value
and I have a theory that they were using
similarly unvalidated nand flash but
that was not something that was that was
I don't know if that was ever actually
confirmed but it sort of came out later
that that may have been the case so I
did not I did not know uh did your um
did your agility SSD live by any chance
no not for very long not for very long
no the funny thing about that is that
some of them did great I mean that's the
thing about you know random you untested
Hardware hey speaking of that ocz
doesn't exist anymore but there's some
very ocz like practices that are going
on in the dram industry right now
particularly
ddr4 so there's two competing lowcost
approaches to ddr4 memory which is still
relevant because you still got am4 out
there using ddr4 you've still got LGA
1700 older gen Intel CPUs that are using
ddr4 um and also some of the some of the
the nonwestern
um CPU platforms are using ddr4 as well
and there's this like there's this
competition between the folks that are
taking harvested dyes off of like old
memory modules and remanufacturing them
into new modules so these would be like
South Korean dies and the the Chinese
Fabs that are building brand new DDR for
at super super cut rate prices um I
wasn't going anywhere with this I just
thought it was really interesting also
it's time for me to install my GPU I've
got an XFX Speedster 7800 XT so this is
the same class of GPU that we put in
those last two systems over there and
basically it's going to mean that you're
going to be getting a fantastic 1440p
gaming experience out of this thing uh
and in slightly older titles you could
even drive these systems at 4K so these
are really nice little systems uh 7800x
3D this was sent over by Jawa by the way
who is our sponsor for the stream and
who is the one who is handling selling
all of these machines for charity for us
just going to go ahead minute over your
time yeah but remember last time I was
like eight minutes over time and I am
just about done I already got my dpu in
who when did when did he get all when
did he get all caught FR P that's pretty
impressive yeah but he doesn't have have
his eight pin power connector Wi-Fi well
you know yeah yeah is the io shield in
properly it's in wow really I even I
even got the uh the little Wi-Fi
antennas in it's amazing what having an
actual screwdriver will do for you no
kidding do you have your Wi-Fi antennas
in my Wi-Fi antenna is in I don't need
those I use wired ethernet like a chat
you know got them
roasted well you don't have a power
supply though do you not have a power
supply
Mark well hand yeah the hand is very
what's in the
box this is even with him trying to
sabotage me look the cables were inside
the case I didn't know that see unlike
mark my my completed PC here is actually
um actually completed okay we're going
to do a quick post test do I have an
HDMI cable
yet to demonstrate my confidence that I
have made up ground here I'm going to go
ahead and put my side panel on which I
know is bad jues but I am extremely
confident there you go look at that what
a gorgeous little
machine HDMI oh here you go Jordan oh
wait uh okay yeah so do I have uh do I
have a power cable here did we did we
think of that yep it's here oh okay it's
uh okay so not here it's over there
that's fine that's fine that's close
enough and Mark you put you put all your
stuff are is the plan to put these on
yeah oh cool do I get to pick where it
goes
yeah or maybe that's your priz if you
get and done on time all right I'm
putting
this excuse me no I'm putting it on Dan
do you want to hit me with a merch
message yeah
sure there's a peel yeah yeah yeah no I
know the Peel's there I'm just I'm I'm
eyeballing it I'm eyeballing it plastic
on plastic I'm thinking right here right
here okay hit me down hello to ask what
would be the one Tech tip that seems
obvious but surprises you the most with
how many times it slides under the radar
CPU you know what I think the one for me
has to
be um buying secondhand gear even though
we talk about it all the time even
though it's like it's something
everyone's probably heard at some point
it amazes me how often I see people buy
something brand new for reasons that
um
just for reasons that I cannot that I
cannot understand there are times when
buying brand new makes a ton of sense
but I would say that for most people
unless your budget is quite High uh
there are at least some parts that you
should at least explore getting
something secondhand um it does take
more work and maybe part of it is just
me being in my my hobbyist mindset and
being like well what what like deal
hunting isn't like the best part of
building a new pc you just you just want
to go to a store and walk away with
everything you need H what that's crazy
right I I do think part of it is just me
being sort of you know out of touch in
that sense
but it is it is probably the one that
surp me the most how few people are open
to picking up a used something and for
reasons that just don't seem rational to
me sometimes we did that recent video on
uh picking up home theater equipment
secondhand versus buying a brand new
Soundbar and I saw this I saw this one
comment that was like I don't want like
some like herpes AV receiver and speaker
coming into my house it's probably dirty
I'm just like
bro you ain't got any like license All
wipes left over from the pandemic you
can't you can't you got you got no
disinfectant that's it's fine chill
brother it's
okay so I think that's my I think that's
my big one all right here we
go oh oh we got any uh we got any lights
hey there we go let's go also for bonus
points I'm removing the peels from these
there we
go you're five and a half behind no man
you're doing okay I'm doing great better
than okay and this thing's going to post
you just watch she's got all her power
things plugged in everything's going to
be great I'm so confident Dan go ahead
and hit me with the merch M hey let's go
all right I'm on to my next system see
you later Mark thanks for tuning in to
the Sweet 16 stream thanks for playing
good effort you're pretty good at
building computers well thank you I mean
you know has anyone ever told you the
thing today is I'm going to build them
until I get good at it so uh he's
getting better I'm getting better I'm
improving all right so this time I've
got 24 minutes and speaking of no
competition what do you mean I am up
against the one you just dropped my
stuff why are you even using that stuff
uhoh wait Dennis what are you doing I'm
taking the plate off you are un you're
currently unbuilding it how could I
possibly lose against this guy oh wait
you don't even have a mic yet what is
happening here is it your screws they're
all over the I'm looking at the the the
the instruction they're all over the
floor my goodness well I think I'm going
to win okay so what was my Mark it's the
competition no one told me is a
competition yeah of course everything's
a competition I thought
you Head Start do you want Life's a
competition Dennis that's all we do here
Dennis no one tell me come come on let's
go faster well that's not a very
competitive mindset and I'm afraid you
might not win then what's the the the
the paste thing there we go you don't
need to worry about paste yet you need
to get that CPU in the socket first all
right right right I'll tell you what
I'll tell and stop no no okay oh my
goodness one sec one there is so much
wrong here
already okay so that's no just wait oh
okay well here's the thing oh sorry
there's a little prompt open on the
thing I need
to there we go here's the thing I can
only guarantee that eight of the
computers will work the eight that I
built uh uh Jordan what was my time for
the second one by the
way uh how much over were you the first
time I I don't remember I thought that's
why I have an official timekeeper got a
lot of stuff going on over here okay
maybe someone maybe someone in the chat
maybe someone in the chat can help you
out but I'm starting this one now okay
you're 8 minutes behind so like 20 I no
I was at more like 23 more like
23 behind what cuz I'm not behind Dennis
I'll tell you that much he has been
unbuilding over here he took off he took
off the CPU Cooler in Brackets and then
I'm going to put it back on exactly he's
trying to make it fair that's what I'm
saying Dennis I'm saying you were
unbuilding and then you're like no I'm
not and then you proceed to tell me the
thing you
unbuilt
well I haven't watched lotv a while I
don't know how to do you're not missing
much jeez I mean In fairness we don't
really build computers very often
anymore so exactly yeah you're not
really uh yeah you're not really missing
watch the build streams we do a lot of
these do we though I don't think we do
that many of these it just feels like we
do a lot of them cuz every time it's
uhu I don't think we need this
anymore all right I'm not do the the the
the paste he's going to do the paste
doesn't it come with paste I'll tell you
what I'll I'll tell you what Dennis
you've done enough paste in your life uh
no wait no um tell you what Dennis why
don't you move your RAM
first so you want that in the slots that
but how do I put it on after if that's
is that kind be on my way like in the
way um right well no it's more just that
you have one of them in the wrong slot
oh yeah so you wanted in the second one
from the well okay you took out both of
them okay well only only one of them was
in the wrong slot so you want it in this
one right
here right there yep there you go and
then you also want it in the farthest
one from the slot why those two are the
most electrically stable they have the
best signal Integrity on most
motherboards so who put in the first and
third uh the first and third yeah oh my
goodness we click these all in okay
don't worry I'll help you Dennis um
first and third would be if you're
putting in four sticks and you don't
mind if they run at a much lower speed
did you okay hey how come they're not
the same here I bet you watched this
video um it's really complicated and it
has to do with like uh like like the
signals effectively like like bouncing
back and causing some kind of
interference on it's
it's I can understand it if I'm like
reading it and I'm like oh yeah I get it
but it's one of those things that I
don't get well enough to remember it
later and then explain uh well okay hey
I bet you watched that uh that Taiwan
computer video right the one where I
built the machine in the yes I I skip
skip skip to the
end sorry well at any rate wow yeah it
is it
is you know it's a really funny thing
it's a really funny thing to see the
speculation that takes place online
sometimes about um what an ogre I am and
how my staff is obviously afraid of me
and stuff they they could use a little
more fear is is what is what I think
I'll say about this guy
um just anyway in that video one of the
things that I critiqued about the build
was that the Builder opted to use two
lower capacity kits instead of one
Higher capacity kit and the reason that
I criticized that was that if you run
two kits they're stuck running at a
lower
speed you're not really listening so
instead of running it like 6,000 or 6400
megat transfers per second it runs at
like
5200 which doesn't make as big of a
difference to this is just old numbers
yeah well one number much bigger than
the other number yes yes so it runs at
lower number oh and slower Ram right
could be bad right
probably
maybe might be fine but could be
bad okay okay finish that
video hit me with my guess with your
what hit me with my my my my my guess
thing those are tuning in a little bit
later this is our double sweet 16 stream
we're having a lot of fun today to
celebrate 16 years of LT and 16 million
subscribers we are building 16 PCS for
charity and when we build each pair of
eight PCS Jordan is supposed to be
giving me oh wait so you're supposed to
do two years per PC oh yeah you're way
behind oh okay well let's do a few then
all right let I'm supposed he's supposed
to tell me or he's supposed to have me
guess or to number three now I'm on
number two still Dan yeah the the card
thing okay yes yeah oh my gosh so put
the thumbnail up don't listen to him
which video from that year was our most
viewed so 2009 to 2010 November to
November yep here's your thumbnail oh I
got a thumbnail now okay what's the
thumbnail wait we already did that one
it looks very similar well that you said
that was number two Dennis yeah number
two 2009 this one one is labeled as
number two yeah that's right oh we're
still doing it okay no I did that one no
no you you did number one I never
finished it no no no there's they look
very similar really yes another XFX GPU
you are correct oh this was the uh HD
5770 really yeah that was the most feud
in year two wow XFX gpus were like
bangers for me back in the day
apparently I didn't remember that at all
uh so year three is a little more
interesting okay all right hit me with
the thumbnail for year three and yes
Dennis that was a thumbnail back then
okay because I don't even you want to
see a real thumbnail I don't think
thumbnail was a think back then right
did YouTube support that's a real
thumbnail custom thumbnails yet I think
they might have but it might have been a
frame they must have was it a still
frame from the video though yeah oh okay
so it's not entirely my fault take on
Reese can you L that down so we can see
the screen so that one I remember no I
already saw mind you're good you're good
so that was a special edition EVGA GPU
and I'm just going to have to try to
remember what it was I want to say I
want to say it was a Oh God how did you
take that a
560 TI you're pretty I want to say it
was a 560 TI and it was a special Duke
Nukem Forever Edition card because that
was back before anyone knew what an
absolute turd sandwich Duke Nukem
Forever was going to be
yeah was it a was it a 560 TI you're
very close a darn it what was it it was
a GTX
580 and the uh Matrix 3D Monitor and 3D
Vision you were doing a giveaway
apparently back then oh cool dude I wish
that I had archived all the giveaway
entries for some of the contests that we
did back in the day for LT some of them
were so funny and the thing is you you
you treat YouTube like it's going to be
there forever it's
not most of the really good ones are
gone even if I could find the old
spreadsheet you know on my NC you know
email or like like sheets account or
whatever even if I could find it most of
them were pulled down over the years and
I it's sad because some of them were so
creative and so funny there was this
really cute one where they did like stop
motion and they were like a monster or
something and there was uh there was
this there was this one with like really
really bad acting and like uh like
someone was attacking the city or
something and like I don't know it was
it was really cool and the community was
smaller but it was hyper hyper engaged
at that time it was a lot of fun it was
a really fun time on YouTube oh my God
all right let's do one more here okay
okay one more guessing game oh God you
want to fire up number four there
Dan okay what year is this this is uh
201 yep parad drone so this one had uh
820,000 views in the first year this I
think was the closest thing to like a
viral hit that I had had up until that
time uh I ended up doing multiple videos
featuring the AR drone uh I did like a
range test in the NC parking lot uh I
did like a a weird jousting thing where
we got two of them and Luke and I like
tried to fly them at each other and have
them hit in midair uh tried to milk the
heck out of the AR Dr but in the end
nothing ever really came close to the
success of that first
video all right time to get this thing
in a case okay I need some help what can
I do for you sir how how do you attach
this thing uh you got these wire Clips
you take that off to here uh no you you
get more of them so you put them on just
like this okay and everyone does it a
little different you know some of them
you hook it onto the inside one some of
them you hook it onto the far one
whatever so it's better to just find one
that's already done and just do it
exactly the way that they already did it
that's the safest way what do you think
Jordan who's going to be the first of my
co-hosts to actually finish their PC
don't want finish uh it'll be the next
one I finished not on time yet though
who was Mark was the last person you had
Mark and you've had uh who was first
Riley did he finish Riley did not finish
H In fairness to them half an hour he
just need to finish doesn't need to work
right um I mean might have worked but
sure it needs to work before we sell it
people are actually buying these we
selling this on Jaa yeah it might
already be sold yeah wow yeah actually
yeah can you tell has anyone has anyone
bought any of the systems Jordan I'll
see if I can find out I'm kind of
curious now Dan do you want to hit me
with a merch message we've got our Black
Friday sale running on LTT store.com you
guys can go check it out at LTT
store.com we'll have more about that
later oh yeah okay do they get cheaper
um if they buy the one I buing I know no
there no discount I'm I'm not sure if
they get to pick which one they get so
okay they might just get it and you
might just have to kind of do your best
with it the one that's broken is janis's
one should be pretty easy to tell it's
not done yet uh We've sold five of the
AMD builds wow it's I'm afraid to ask
how the Intel builds are doing uh yeah
okay cool one of those well In fairness
to the builds we haven't actually built
any of those on stream yet so people
have only seen the AMD builds merch
message yeah hit me Dan sure what did
you have the cable hold on wait for
Dennis are you okay
bud Dennis what did you put the cable I
think you broke Dennis the cable's
facing down right oh yeah yeah you want
that you want the cable on that fan
facing toward the bottom gives it a bit
of a cleaner look yeah okay all right
hit me Dan figure this is the best time
to get an LT screwdriver do you feel
like financing a PC is a good way to go
or is it better to wait until you can
afford to pay full price man I'm going
to call out so hard one of my elementary
school friends you guys
remember oh man what were they called
was it
MDG the the ones that had the the
computer for a dollar a day yeah was
that MDG I think so or was it someone
else I uh I can't remember anymore but
he bought a Pentium 3 PC uh for himself
he he he bought it with his own money
sort of because like me he was in grade
six or seven or whatever and like me he
didn't have any money so um what he
actually did was he got his parents to
sign on for him to finance a computer
and I will tell you the same thing that
I told him back then
that is like the dumbest ever don't
do that they're still around offering
those deals they are still doing it wow
okay so the thing about technology is
that it
depreciates so fast that if there's an
affordability issue you are far better
off just waiting around for the
affordability to reach your savings than
you are financing something because the
interest is a Hiller now I would say
it's actually less true today than it
used to be um Electronics don't move
nearly as fast as they used to back then
like by the time he finished paying for
that com that P3 he could have had a way
faster P4 um for all the money that he
spent can I help you are you I just C
caring screws oh okay uh
any um so I would say it's less true
today now that the industry doesn't move
quite as fast especially if you can get
a reasonable financing rate and if
there's some reason for it like with the
incoming tariffs uh we have a video
coming soon that is sort of discussing
is now like a time to urgently buy a PC
in hopes of getting a better deal before
uh computer hardware gets slapped with
tariffs because it may very well be um
but in general in general I am very
opposed I'm very opposed to using
financing to buy something that
depreciates
so quickly uh there okay there are other
exceptions cuz you could look at a car
and you could you could kind of say the
same thing like how could you possibly
use financing to buy something that
depreciates so quickly and I mean well
for one thing no I don't I I did not buy
any of my early cars uh with financing I
I bought cheap crappy cars um for as
little money as possible so I'm not a
huge fan of that but there are reasons
to to buy something if the if the money
you can make from having it is greater
than the cost of owning it even with
financing then you can justify it that
way so if you need a car to get to a
better job that pays you more then
absolutely Finance Finance the car right
like I'm not going to I'm not going to
no one's going to give you a hard time
for that I don't think so in the same
way if you're using a PC to do work and
you need to finance it in order to more
effectively do that work that's such a
such a totally different conversation
than if you're like financing a gaming
PC
this day and age you straight up no
under no circumstances should you be
financing a gaming PC because you can
get a capable gaming PC that'll tide you
over for like nothing like next to
nothing um you'll pay more an interest
on that financed computer than you would
on this like on a on a PC that would
absolutely be able to play games
decently um while you wait to be able to
afford something something something new
and something
nicer so I'm not a fan but if you're
making money with your computer and you
and you need like new capabilities that
are simply not available on older
hardware and that's a totally different
calculation and I'm a lot more on board
is that all is that all kind of shine
and Sparkle what do you think Dan we
covered that enough yeah I would say so
that a long answer I think it's the
correct answer Dan I literally talk for
question what did I say Dan Dennis yeah
I'm Dan is this the wrong one it's so
short I Can't Screw the this one in I
have that problem
too uh you haven't put your IO shield on
we are three for three oh my God he did
three for three
how six minutes remaining oh my
God my God someone will have to buy this
half Bill PC and build
himself Dennis you have to take the
motherboard out
again Dennis you have to take it all
apart yeah also why are you here why are
I thought you had to put the motherboard
laying down Why does every everybody
keep taking the whole table you miss why
I have no room to work I thought you
supposed to put the PC down to BU to put
the motherboard no well you can but do
it over
there everyone everyone takes up the
whole flipping table like I I have my
stuff like down here on the floor
because I have no room to work Den
Dennis you have literally like 85% of
this table dedicated to your stuff and
you're over flowing onto the floor look
at this Andy he's also taking up space
on the floor that's
ridiculous uh okay Dan do you want to
hit me with the merch message I suspect
things are popping pretty hard on the
store right now I wasn't expecting to be
so busy yeah we've already done
200 I'm not exaggerating uh let's see
what do we have that's fun here when are
we getting LTT
sandals I'm sure we get this a lot he he
only cared that to bother me I know I
know he knows better is that a
contentious issue I actually don't oh
you didn't know okay so I would love to
do an LTT sandal but the challenge is
that in order to do a sandal you're not
just doing one mold you have to do a
left foot mold you have to do a right
foot mold these are probably relatively
complex molds right these are I mean if
you're going to have a couple different
colors on the on the sole then you're
you're going to have to have at least a
couple stages so they're they're
reasonably complex molds I
don't um
also you're going to need H let's see
you I don't know what what what does it
work out to like like how many sizes
would you typically expect expect to
find in a in a range of sandals like
eight to 12 and all the
half at least eight sizes so now I'm on
the hook for 16 molds minimum um good
number
then what else do I have to deal with oh
yeah minimum order quantities in order
to make that mold cost make any sense
I'm stalking thousands and thousands and
thousands of these sandals um so and
that man that even assumes that like we
don't know anything about making shoes
so could we even would it even be
comfortable would it even be any good
it's just it's a huge gamble it's a huge
bet um and for what I
don't you know I think it's funny you
know I i' would be the first person to
to be like you know yeah like yeah let's
make a meme product I love it um like
that's why we did the the strawberry
underwear for example we did a
strawberry colorway of our underwear um
I love that
stuff but this is like huh this is this
is like a sixf fig joke at this point
you know you start you start making
sandals because like her lus loves socks
and sandals right like that's not that's
not responsible
that's not responsible
businessmap
um whoever prepped this
machine
um may have overlooked
something I will figure it out though
basically all of my 8 Pin connectors on
my power supply are taken up and they
shouldn't be so that's fine holy you're
so fast it's getting faster you sound
like my wife is going to the fan
distribution yeah but it's um I can use
a six pin for that ah I think unless
those six pins are not
well what couldn't tell you so the other
builds that I've seen so far didn't have
both 8 Pin power cables going up to the
CPU and I think that may be why I have
an Xtra here oh
okay yeah I don't think we have enough
to do both yep that's the problem so I
need to salvage one of those back and
use it
for um we're at uh 2 minutes by the way
I just need to salvage one of those back
and use it for nothing I'm just out of
connectors on the power supply uh oh 2
minutes I got 2 minutes to fish hey did
we get the final times for the first two
what am I up against here I have no idea
um how many have to do he has to do
eight himself okay we got two hours left
I can build got another four this
computer three or four this is number
three okay problem it's got five to go
dude no problem you're doing okay this
is not a problem easy I mean it
definitely isn't helping when I have to
unbuild things but I got this so Jordan
what are my times what are my times has
anyone tabulated them I have no idea I'm
not on the internet lus I can't do
anything not on the internet we should
have internet you might want to just
it's not working for me it's still not
working we'll figure it out apparently
I've got uh opened my phone and I have a
thousand angry messages from Sean and
Jake cuz somebody told me to plug
something in and then I did that and I
was absolutely not supposed to do that
nice all right oh this is not easy sorry
everyone at the company yeah well don't
worry we got this we've been having some
internet problems today so it's been an
exciting day because I can tell you as a
as a web video production company uh
internet pretty important to our daily
operations
yep cool so Jordan is sitting over there
with no internet so what are you even
what are you even doing Jordan I have my
offine copies of all my information for
the stream why do you still not have
internet is that my fault I don't know I
think it's probably my fault
Supply I'll I'll blame Dan you see why
we like Dennis what he lacks in
knowledge and skill he makes up for an
enthusiasm like look how hard he's
trying I'm trying to pretend I know what
I'm doing do you guys actually know what
does here now like Dennis started as a
video editor and now he actually like I
think you still open up a timeline once
in a while for your I do yeah but he
actually works uh for the business team
now on sponsor spots so he does like
creative what do we call them C CSP
creative sponsor yeah production
creative sponsor Productions so the idea
is to make our sponsor spots so more
watchable yeah so entertaining and
engaging that people will actually go
out of their way to watch them or at the
very least abandon the video a lot less
during them and it's been successful so
far right like you've been in this Ro
for over a year on way show I mean every
week on Wayne show that's the regular
stuff and they're so good LT videos used
to be on tickling and now mostly just on
LT stuff got
it some of them are pretty funny there's
a vessie spot is that vessie spot with
the like stolen sandals is that up
already yeah that one's yeah that one's
up in end of September okay that one
performed very well all right
cool all right Jordan are we all caught
up on those uh guess the Guess The Video
things uh we're two years behind okay
hit me with another then number six yeah
yeah do we show the or no number five
actually don't show this one don't show
it no uh okay what year was it then this
was 2012 2013
and you'll be shocked to learn it was an
unboxing oh so hot 2012 2013 well that's
got to be the fire truck yeah let's see
okay how many views did that get in the
first year that was I think that was
over a million some wow so I can tell
the story behind that 1.1 million one of
our other product managers um one of our
Junior product managers was handling
Arctic cooling right you know like
freezer series coolers like like that
silencer series coolers they had I think
back for gpus back in the day so they
were handling Arctic cooling uh what do
we got here is this another 7800
XT should sure is all right sick let's
put this bad boy in Java sent over six
of those guys so Arctic cooling decided
that well hey like I mean if we can
Source like coolers from China or
wherever and we can throw our brand on
those and and sell them or you know
whatever like if we can if if we can
handle the logistics of of sourcing and
Merchandising and marketing and selling
you know coolers then why not remote
control
vehicles and they uh so they released a
a tugboat a tank and a fire Tru and as a
favor the junior product manager was
like hey
look I brought in a bunch of these
stupid things they're not selling
um can you help me deal with this can
you make a video can you like help me
get rid of these stupid things um and
and as it turned out so I so I said okay
and as it turned out they were actually
pretty cool and even though the fire
truck is the most famous One the tank
and the boat actually both got a fair
number of views so that ended up being
uh that ended up working out for
everyone I think we ultimately did
manage to sell through them allall
although it did
it did take a while just cuz like I
don't know what it is even if you have a
good price an okay product or whatever
if it's not what people go to your shop
for sometimes it can be hard to sell
things like I remember ncx brought in
like zoji rushi rice cookers and every
time I talk about zoji rushi people who
know are like oh yeah those are like the
best rice cookers but we couldn't sell
them to save our lives it was
crazy uh so we had a heck of a Time
selling those uh remote control vehicles
but we tried we did our we did our
darnest are you done
uh I don't know we're going to find out
when I try and post this thing so what
was my time for that one what was my
time for that one am I am I making up
time
here you're like an entire computer
behind is this supposed to be a price if
we someone beat you I I mean sure I'd be
down to I'd be down to do a PR a second
from
denn it's too late one okay here we go
yeah wait he got to for a head start no
he's about previous PC still yeah no I'm
so you have a head start right now if
you quiet down and start
building okay we'll get your mic in a
sec yeah all right my fans are spinning
my RGB is lit let's go card what are the
odds what are the odds TR turning my on
Dennis there's no point trying to turn
yours on and nothing's plugged in you
got you got nothing plugged in brother
but uh oh that's not good that's not an
ideal
noise that was not good that was
actually kind of
bad I just mangled this cable it
posted uh oh but the system works yep
yay he
nice um wow that uh well it's a good
thing it's a well it's a good thing it's
a Snapdragon PC and I don't need to
charge it very often
all right hey computer's fixed okay oh
boy I am going to we haven't had those
which side am I on am I on this side am
I am I just like yeah you're done you're
you're done thank you whoever is buying
this thanks for coming out you get to
learn how to build a p at
home what already has the knock with
yeah you can't even barely open it what
s all right hey Buddy Bud
for those of you just tuning in now we
are doing our sweet double sweet 16
stream we're celebrating 16 years of LT
we're celebrating 16 million subscribers
and we're bringing in well eight eight
members of our team to co-build PCS with
me that we are going to be selling for
charity on
java. next Java read off the prompter
there oh can I shout out one of the
parts providers First sure um is this is
that the next one yep you're on the
right ones there okay so I wanted to
shout out MSI who sent over eight
motherboards and eight ssds they sent
over all of the b650 gaming plus Wi-Fi
boards that we're using for our AMD
builds thank you very much MSI thanks to
them all of the cost of those boards
will go directly to our charitable cause
which I think um from our conversations
so far is probably going to be a local
food bank it just seems like the right
time of year to be oh that sounds lovely
yeah contributing to the food bank and
so that means $1,600 time 16 PES we're
going to be pitching over 20 grand uh
toward the local food bank which is
pretty exciting assuming all of you fine
folks buy these computers hey there's a
50% chance you'll get one that was built
by me rather than one that was built by
like Dennis or Mark yeah I don't know if
I would want those ones uh so far those
have not been going great um but well
this is just going to be boring then how
can I make this Terri
no no where's the shot color don't say
don't talk about those we don't need we
don't need the shot color what about two
I mean need is one thing want well
that's a different word uh anyway I also
wanted to shout out Corsair who sent
over eight cases so all of the AMD PC
cases were provided by Corsair we ended
up paying for almost nothing out of this
stuff which is super cool um yeah and
our sponsor Jawa sent over all the G use
so that's why those are mismatched
because you know Jawa a right they're
used they're Marketplace yeah very cool
to in this case on your last builds here
these two gpus are from colorful uh
Jordan I uh that's no longer on so if I
was supposed to do a Jaa read off the
then it uh let's uh make that go on it
ain't happening sir wa we're supposed to
be racing right I mean yeah we can raise
I mean are we at the same point like
kind of oh there's already an SSD in
there this is this is so cheaty yeah
everything was already done for me look
it's not meant to be like the hardest
possible PC build it's just meant to be
like a like a friendly PC Building
Challenge like friendly but like I want
to destroy you kind of thing
right why you got to be like that Jake
well I'm not even trying that hard
you're just going so slow I figure I
have to go slow to like stay on your
level you know some of us are hting a
video okay Dan do you want to hit me
with a merch message
whoa oh Dan's not there what oh whoa oh
wow where' Dan go okay well cool well
we'll uh we'll find a Dan we'll find a
Dan later we'll get a new Dan yeah Dan
do you want to hit me with a with a
merch message I mean got a couple Dan as
it is we've got Dan seagull we've got oh
better Dan yeah better Dan that's what I
call him only Dan only Dan dan.com
probably don't say that domain it's
probably a thing it's probably a thing
like all mustached men with a lot of
body hair stop it stop it
please please sir it's okay this is why
we can't have nice things it's why we
can't have only dance.com oh my God I at
it here uh you're going to give me so
much traffic too bad you're stuck yeah
forever hey lonus did you ever give out
hot chocolate to people in line at NC
kitum Boxing Day Sale probably oh I
remember NC used to do like weird things
like that dude our boxing day and like
Grand Opening Day events yeah they were
events kind of cool actually they were
actually fun like I'd go out and I'd do
like crowd work and like Huck swag into
the crowd and stuff and like it was it
was man when NC was firing on all
cylinders it was actually a pretty cool
company overall and a pretty pretty cool
place to work now not every one had the
same experience I did I I got to
acknowledge that I um I was told
multiple times by multiple people that I
was sort of a favorite child and uh no
way enjoyed a bit of a privileged
position there um but I will say that
dang it it's the second time I've done
that it's the second time today I've
tried to put it on with the thing dude
whoo that's a lot of thermal past that's
fine you just gooped it up eh yeah are
we putting the other fans on here or
just one uh I've been putting the second
it's not a comption I mean unless I
win man it's actually kind of fun to uh
it's kind of fun to bring Jake on for
our sweet 16 because you must have been
16 when you started I was 15 actually
for for like
[Music]
26 more days I was 15 at the time that's
crazy are you even allowed to work here
when you're 15 I think so I think it's
14 you can start at 14 in BC really I
mean it seems like the kind of thing
Ivon would have figured out and she's
actually the one who hired him I
wouldn't have yeah I wouldn't have clear
clear attitude problems oh definitely
Pro Problem Child
100% what did you do to impress her
during the interview I actually don't
know much about your hiring it was Luke
that made the Luke is the reason that I
got hired because they gave me this just
like very poopy pre-production small
form factor case and was like take it
apart because I guess somebody no nobody
spent the time to take it apart
beforehand so I could assemble it on
camera or not on camera for the
interview let's say no we specifically
built it we rebuilt it every time oh
yeah no that was a thing believe you no
it no that's 100% a thing as I was
taking it apart I was like wow this
thing kind of sucks W the tolerances are
kind of weird here like H why do they do
it like this just like kind of reviewing
it as I was doing it not intentionally
and then Luke I guess was like yeah we
should hire that guy that is pretty cool
I mean we didn't hire him as a writer
initially no um well those didn't exist
back then yeah oh well they kind of did
like Luke and Luke and John Luke and
John were kind of writers at that time I
don't know if we we didn't really call
it that though but no Jake was our
warehouse guy yeah otherwise known as
Linus's personal assistant he did mostly
just do whatever I needed um done
because I didn't have time well I never
got to organize the warehouse or
anything like that because every time i'
get to work on the limited amount of
hours I would work in a week there would
just be so much stuff on my desk to deal
with with no information no sticky note
no hey can you do this no I would put a
deal with sticky note Jake deal with STI
deal with this can you can you deal with
this and that's it what is this I don't
know what do I need to deal with huh
those are all Minor Details those are
all Minor Details so like half of my
hours would be finding him and being
like hi what do you want me to do with
this and then doing the thing and never
actually cleaning anything up yeah so I
mean that's why that's why he got fired
from that position because he never
actually cleaned the warehouse listen I
never officially got fired from that
position I think it said General laborer
on my like pay stubs for like four
[Laughter]
years well we didn't In fairness In
fairness we didn't really have like job
titles at that time yeah that's that's
fair like we didn't really have uh like
clear like clear um like positions in
the company really um I don't know this
is just sounding like copium to me so
I'm just going to I'm not making excuses
for it I'm I think I'm meeting it pretty
head on
here it was a pretty random time and we
we didn't have a Nobody Got Time for
like bureaucracy at that time I don't
even remember the time before we had
snacks yeah dude snacks were such a
GameChanger for me it's a problem cuz
when the snacks are not refilled it's
like we everyone in the office becomes a
little bit
feral this especially him it happened
recently because uh I was told because
of the uh the strikes our recent snack
delivery was delayed oh that's
reasonable so that's why that's why we
didn't have snacks and it's like
look mhm no everything's fine don't
point the camera over here point it at
him I didn't do anything I didn't drop a
laptop that wasn't me that dropped that
laptop remember that right that was me I
can I can show you guys a closer look at
that in a minute if you want it's not
it's not good uh it's not great did you
just take my screwdriver oh no you
didn't I thought about it I looked at it
and went this would make it difficult
for him to win I could see the look on
his face and I heard a screwdriver move
that was all the information I
had knowing me that's a reasonable
assumption I've been hanging around with
this guy for a minute or two so it
seemed pretty likely the only
screwdriver that I will ever steal from
you is that clear one
and you know it's just sitting in a
drawer actually oh really you don't even
use it no I just like to look at it
sometimes and feel a sense of
accomplishment I really want to bring
the clear screwdriver to Market but
there were issues with the mold oo cable
manage
this I got to fix this here good night
yeah thanks seriously yeah you're how
does this happen every single time look
how much of the table I get you're
little it's fine and look how much of
the table he gets we both have the same
size
computer the computer takes up the same
amount of space the person doesn't Jake
looks bigger what hey Jake's looks
bigger is that what you
said hey Jordan how are we doing for
time h no no I mean each machine each
machine what's our what's our how's our
time trending on a per machine basis ah
do this you have 13 minutes left no no I
know but how how are we tracking I've
told you several times I'm not tracking
that but some someone's got to tell us
so that we
canun internet tell you you should have
internet what is going on I'm well aware
I'm trying to make it work I will come
do teex support for you okay Jake do you
still use the 7900 XTX I do actually
Casper explore on FL plane was asking
it's actually been really solid okay Tex
support bye the only there's one with
like time you know actually my computer
has been a massive steaming pile of
doodoo for ages like in terms of
stability um but it wasn't the graphics
card's fault it was pretty much in it it
ended up being an audio issue that was
causing it oh you were telling me about
this yeah oh boy so the new Call of Duty
Black Ops 6 seemed to make this problem
substantially worse and I'm not really
sure why but I apparently other people
have experienced weird audio issues with
it anyways the game would crash I'd be
like playing it'd be like it's it was
always like between one and in 2 minutes
before the end of the game and then my
whole everything would just pause and I
could still hear but then you'd hear
like an like a peak in the audio and
then the game would resume and the last
thing that I would think the last thing
I'd think if my audio is the only thing
that's working yeah is that the issue is
my sound Hardware yeah yeah and uh it
was actually so how did you diagnose
that again the
audio uh I reinstalled Windows after
like trying literally everything I
possibly could to not have to reinstall
Windows um and then I hadn't installed
the audio interface drivers yet cuz it
has like a default Windows driver that
it uses uh when you don't have the
drivers everything was fine installed
the audio interface drivers and then
everything went to crap immediately
after I was like it's got to be that
uninstalled them it stopped crashing so
I bought a new audio interface which one
are you using now uh it's a Motu M4 I I
hadn't heard of this brand before but I
looked up online like measurements of
like ooh the signal to noise ratio and
they were good and it seems to work
pretty nice it's got a little screen on
the front wow signal to noise ratio that
really takes me back like uh AIG ZX
reviews you know nobody really looks at
that anymore the thing with like cheap
audio interfaces is so many of them are
built just with the nearly the exact
same Hardware right and they're all just
kind of whatever so I was trying to find
something that's like in a decent price
category like 2 to 300 or maybe 400
Canadian uh that was maybe a little bit
better for whatever reason and this
seems to be quite a bit better than
those other it looked like a good one
yeah I was investigating some Motu stuff
for my own
setup and any driver issues since then
no okay so confirm which one was the bad
one then if you don't mind us calling
them out you know I think call is reason
did you steal my GPU what no I don't
have your GPU what is it doing that here
uh here let me un un prinkle
this it was a art art oh you bought the
cheap stuff voice channel it's not that
cheap it's like a $600 Canadian it's a
full Channel strip that's why I like it
it had like dser EQ uh Noise Gate
compressor all built into it's supposed
to be like all the stuff you need for
mic in one channel St yeah yeah that's
nice um and it had it also has an
interface in it that's why originally
got it is because it was everything in
one right and then but as it turns out
Allin ones can sometimes
be more trouble than they're worth um oh
man Andy came in he's expecting me to do
like some kind of dad joke punch line I
think no Andy I got nothing I got
absolutely nothing for that uh Dan do
you want to hit me with a merch message
though yeah sure might required to put
all the screws in you I mean no one's
required to do anything Jake so I didn't
put any of the screws in before putting
the graphics card in and that just
occurred to me so I don't know if I can
actually reach them all I think I can
nice I got one here that's more of a
comment first sure hit me down thank you
lonus for all you've done for short
people
representation uh and then another one
here from Philip will CPU pillows make a
return um we do have some alpaca wool
that we kind of need to figure out what
to do with dude we need to bring back
the bread I I think I don't know if the
bread's coming back but I think someone
floated the idea of bringing back the
CPU pillow to to get rid of some alpaca
wool ah yeah we just we just like I
think it's appreciated in the time we've
had it so like I don't know it's
appreciated good investment I thought
you weren't big on the whole investing
in ston thing well alpaca wool is hardly
a stock I mean it's it's it's stock like
we have it in stock but it's not like
stun is alpaca wool a registered
security yeah I really uh I really don't
think so is there is there somebody that
like approves those I guess it has to be
listed on a ston exchange yeah I would
think so is there a website called stons
exchange or something I don't look it up
please yeah don't look it up it's
probably a scam or other things that are
not good yeah man it's kind of crazy how
sort of scary the internet has gotten
like I don't know you might be too young
for this but we used to use the term
surf the
web like we would we would I'm too young
to have heard that term no not to have
heard heard the term but for like
surfing the web being a reasonable thing
to do what it's you surf the web you're
going to find some stuff dude I mean I
have it's always kind of been like that
I have seen some things on the internet
no I okay that I know we're not talking
about that right now I don't think it
got better I yeah I don't I don't know
what kind of like no I'm saying I think
it's gotten worse wild what was the Wild
oh yeah 100% it's gotten worse I thought
you're saying it got better I'm like no
I'm saying like you used to be able to
surf the web and probably not everything
was trying to steal your personal data
and it wasn't just four websites like
you'd get inundated with ads and stuff I
think everything is still trying to
steal your data you're just like no no
everything is now oh I mean I mean like
you could surf the web you know and
probably not everything was like a
catastrophe you know like every site you
go to is just trying to fish you um I
don't know it just feels like it feels
like the internet is as dangerous if not
more dangerous than ever oh is there
meant to only be one piece CPU power I
scratch this side panel but no one's
going to know because I'm going to pull
out oh a super awesome move here and no
one will ever
notice oh you're going to stick the
sticker on there I'm going to stick the
sweet 16 sticker on there right where
the scratch beautiful is there meant to
only be one CPU power connector uh yes
why because otherwise we don't have
enough pcie um connectors on the power
supply to plug in the RGB interface
thing the RGB interface fine you don't
need it what you trading me c power okay
okay sure you can do your job we have a
moment oh okay hey Jaa mids spot look at
that we mentioned earlier that we're
going to be selling each of the builds
we're doing today for $1,600 on Java so
why don't we take a look at what we'll
be up against in their gaming PC section
and Dan's doing that oh or do I go over
there oh cool go over there okay so we
just punch in a price range and let's go
with verified sellers apparently um
they've been vetted by the Jawa team so
you know they'll stand behind what
they're selling and we're supposed to
look at two to three listings and give
some thoughts okay cool I am currently
looking for verified sellers okay can
you just uh filter by verified sellers
here what about sort bu the link I gave
you had that already on there oh you
gave me another link isn't this a
different link script cool oh
that's not okay this is a smooth
production today we didn't go over that
earlier we did that's fine guys okay
children don't squabble please feel like
I'm listening to my kids in the back of
the oh boy this is embarrassing which
one's your favorite all right one
sec uh it what do we got here oh yeah we
got this we got this don't even worry
it's okay I'm sure it's my fault wow
what is happening right now this is a a
weird way he sure does good gravy what
is this interface there we go verified
sellers okay cool verifi oh okay and
this is all in kind of our price point
okay well one of them is us okay here's
a Pro Gamer PC 12700 KF RTX 470 TI 32 K
ddr5 this actually pretty competitive
that's a that's pretty nice I think we
we have oh yeah I know we also have a
750 wat power supply um what do we have
over this we've got a newer CPU we've
got a 7800x 3D I'd say our GPU is um
we've got a 7800 XT so we're probably
reasonably close to this though if I had
the choice I might actually prefer the
470 ETI super uh we've got uh I think
we've probably got a slightly nicer case
are we including Windows window like
real Windows is included oh yeah we okay
we got real Windows that's good Windows
11 Pro cool okay that's a nice little
machine what else we got here it's got
RGB and
everything um uh here let's uh that one
looks cool sure yeah let's look at that
one it's got orange, 1600 bucks got the
same GPU as us we've got a slightly
better CPU a little bit more SSD storage
we have two terabytes but they've also
got 32 gigs of RAM there are some there
are some pretty decent deals on
here not bad neat all right cool um so
my my notes say it may look like we're
underpricing our builds a little and I
guess we are a little bit like I think
we're quite competitive with what's on
there um but the only way we were able
to do that was that the brands that
provided these uh these parts for us
they didn't charge us for them when they
heard that we were doing this for
charity they were like pretty excited to
get on board just like Jawa and uh sent
over a lot of this stuff for nothing so
we thought hey that's way our buyers get
a little bit more bang for their Buck
the system should sell out quickly and
we're still able to provide a pretty
solid donation to our local food bank in
time for the holiday season pretty cool
little project it's been a lot of fun
today uh how's your system going Jake
you just about done you uh you done
taking advantage of your huge huge time
Advantage you got just there what
happened did you put the io Shield Plate
in oh yeah did Jake put an IO shield in
of course I put an you are the first are
you joking you are the first of our non-
Linus Builders to put in an IO Shield I
have built a few computers in my day all
of the other ones left out the io Shield
where the devil is my every computer in
my household that it is possible to miss
it on it is missing um Jake did you take
my GPU I didn't take your GPU did
someone take my GPU I actually don't
think I have it what oh oh no it's in a
box oh man all the other ones were in uh
were in antistatic bags so I just
assumed it be in an estd bag all right
Dan do you want to hit me with merch
message or wait Jordan are there any are
there any things on your list I'm
supposed to do oh probably I oh probably
all right we'll give them a minute we'll
give talked about them already you're
good all right Dan do you want to hit me
with a merch message yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah is there anything stopping me from
just turning this on now uh a power plug
maybe oh well yeah thanks hi lonus just
got married in October and leaving soon
for a 3we honeymoon in Hawaii W congrats
any vacation tips for making this trip
extra memorable we haven't gone on a
trip like this since
2016 I mean I can tell you right now now
given that it's been a minute um it's
probably going to be pretty darn
memorable oh man I'm trying to think is
there a monitor oh this thing in the
middle that's the testing cart this is
very much this is very much Personal
Taste but I find the pictures that I
actually look back on most fondly are
not the posed
ones yes candid oh buy a disposable
camera and then just take some silly
photos that
don't overthink the photos the ones of
actual memories for sure are definitely
better than posed ones I agree looking
back at just like I don't know the kids
hanging out in the room you know reading
books and you know watching TV and just
like chilling or
like I don't know just like the the the
picture of everyone walking down the
street you know you don't have to be in
front of a famous landmark um and for me
anyway I find the the most meaningful
memories are the ones where it was you
know nobody really posed uh you maybe
just like make a noise to you know get
the Younglings attention but other than
that it's
just uh in the moment you know capturing
what everyone was doing um I've also
found that lately I've started to take
more just like short little video
clips um you know just a couple minute
video of
like one of my kids explaining the story
they wrote or um
talking about their day at school or
whatever else and those have been a lot
of fun to to go back and and watch as
well yeah put it on outside of the
plastic seriously well cuz then if the
person doesn't want it they can peel it
right you're not peeling everything are
you but then if they do want this thing
got to get shipped bro why why you
peeling all the stuff oh I'm not peeling
all the stuff I you just all those
things you peeled what what are you
talking about you peeled that yeah that
has nothing to do with scratched in
shipping that's a Fan Hub I'm putting it
on here don't put it on the plastic
don't put it on the plastic you got to
put under the plastic peel up the
plastic put on and then put down the
plastic person that gets this they're
not going to leave this no stop it no
I'm not doing that no I'm not going to
put it there just leave the plastic God
you guys would have worked now he can't
win cuz his system won't be complete I'm
putting it over here what did you do you
steal something got them I put the
sticker on the back kind of poorly so
that it can come off easily oh my
goodness where can I test this thing uh
you can plug it in over there um Dan are
we working on getting the times for all
the systems I have to throw the laptop
on the floor first right yeah are you
able to do that am I on the ground
Jordan do you want to like just ask the
chat please I don't have chat I didn't
screw the power supply in what chat help
chat oh what I can still win this you
got time go go go go go let's go let's
go speed GPU install this is why did I
put the side panel back on here we go oh
he's got a side panel on and everything
oh dude I can totally win this all I got
to do is put these two screws in
not that this is a competition because
Quality quality is actually far more
important for these machines than uh
getting them done quickly because they
will be going to some of you who are
buying them you know quality first but
anywh who trust me bro is this another
7800 XT yep all right it's a brand new
one too yeah those ones are from
colorful oh colorful sent it oh that's
nice of them okay hey look at that and a
side
panel oh we got a power supply in place
race is on and a front panel who can
grab the cables first cables grabbed
yeah he's already got the cables which I
think is actually kind of a cheat
personally chat is not helping I think
that's kind of a cheat person what did
you say chat is not helping I they said
at least five well if you're done this
one now you've caught up I'm done you've
caught up you have 30 seconds left
pencils down let's go good work let's go
how many more you know to go I couldn't
help noticing that uh why computer was
done let's see if his post already
plugged in what you yeah but he that's
cool because he stole the cables before
he was actually done the guy what do you
mean I was it I put it in literally
after all right well let's see let's see
let's see if it fires up camera in the
way my bad let's see if it fires up here
we
go oh wait yeah don't no no don't get us
copyright strike copy strike well while
we're waiting for that let's see if Jake
can guess the next uh year Le ooh sure
the next what that'll be fun yearly
memory so the last one was the fire
truck
nice oh there's a a specific memory so
2013 2014 what do you think was the most
viewed video in that year from November
to November that 2013 I have no idea
were you alive then
no I'm still not
alive no guesses what am I going to
guess I don't all right L you got a
guess I made a terrible
mistake and so did
so we may have to see who can fix it
first to determine who actually won
mistake what do you mean we both made a
terrible mistake of what uh we both
forgot to bend up the tab on the DP on
the io Shield forgot to bend up the
tab oh honey that's
awful who in
there why you unplug my computer who Do
You Think You Are pull
back oh jeez I did it on all three of
the other ones and I kept getting large
knife pulled away from this build and
uh so Jake's taking the triy oh yeah uh
Andy you'll have to go get a look at it
uh Jake is worse if you want to get a
better look at it whoa you speak for
yourself there mister Jake is Jake's is
much worse there's nothing wrong with
Mine mine's great uh-huh I need to not
stubby screw driver great knif you just
have a knife stuffed in there there's a
nothing relax Dan everything's going to
be okay buddy oh boy oh boy where did
you get a
knife don't worry about I guess we're in
a kitchen everything's fine everything's
beautiful everything's great I'm just uh
going to go ahead and do this I'm so
sorry to lus already got blood on a
couple of the other ones so that's
totally fine all right good it's only
kind of sharpen did you mangle it no
that's not the proper way come look at
the thing it's mint
listen sir that's not the I work on BMWs
all the time I that's all I do is
mangle it's not mangling it if you un
mangle it after and nobody notices all
right Andy I'll let you be the judge
like a true mechanic you might have to
turn it so Andy can see turn un mangle
it a little bit you see it's a little
sharp it's a little sharp like the knife
I used to do it and then we're just
going to go like
that bend it back a little bit if you're
plugging in cable it should be fine yeah
okay so I get Andy's vote why would you
plug into the DP on the motherboard when
it has line is well why would you want
to maybe short it out got some tape yeah
no it's still bad to leave it there you
to be clear you don't want it in there
sometimes it can actually short things
and sometimes your computer won't turn
on because of that um rats here let me
use the knife so much for being caught
up now back some I'm
properly properly properly listen to
this cope we our Safety Committee when
we need them I I let me here I'll turn
the knife away from my face then that's
a good call oh my goodness cut to your
friends not your face towards your
friends not your face is that what you
said Dan yeah that's the thing Dan would
say all right yeah certainly lost many
friends she's mint that's fine I mean it
it did that by itself so you know are
you still doing this what you doing over
there I took the board out so that I
could bend it back so that I could oh it
ended up back in the port it did not I'm
just
kidding guy that look all right
um what next what does chat think uh who
had the better method who wins chat yeah
yeah I don't know chat usually sides
against me just for the laws but I don't
think they're going to like your knife
method I'm going they knife remember
these are computers that people are
actually paying money for almost at this
point knife lius Jake Jake knife I like
knife okay they like the
knife vote kick knife I don't I don't
know Perfect all right thanks everybody
appreciate appreciate your support out
there here Andy here Andy all right
thanks Jake thanks for popping in bye
thanks for being the first one to
actually build a functioning
computer well I mean it might crash who
knows yeah it still could I mean we did
boot it up once with a thing shorting up
the display port Port where where do you
want this on the on the table this one
over here oh you want on that table that
was the idea yeah hey did we ever did we
ever figured out that most viewed video
no did Jake take a guess no checken out
I don't have well I don't have anything
like there's nothing in my brain that
the answer the field you know the drop
down on the web page is empty that yeah
well like that's not a surprise L do you
have a guess ah what was the year again
uh I think
1314 1314
I'm going to
say yeah I'm going to say over 10 years
uh uh a 480 GTX unboxing no no okay well
um it was more similar to the previous
year okay give me the give me a
thumbnail give me a thumbnail then oh
boy it probably says the product name oh
no way really yep it was the Arctic
hobby
excavator are you kidding me I didn't
even remember there was an excavator
remember when I said all of them earlier
I thought I said all of them I said the
tank I said the boat I think you missed
that one yeah I forgot the excavator
even
existed that's hilarious why were you
doing like toys like this oh I explained
it earlier so I'm not going to explain
it again for the people who will be
bored by the second explanation but um I
barely listen to basically it was a
favor to a colleague who brought them in
and needed help moving them
and really it ended up being a favor
yeah oh dude I ended up being absolutely
stoked stoked on how that turned out
should I be cable managing this real
quick or um did you not I mean I did I
mean it's it's in there so are you even
done the computer turned on are you even
done I I'll put a couple zip ties I
leave now moment of truth let's see if
mine works you still haven't figured
that out yet tested that no I didn't
test yet wow oh dude I wasn't going to
turn it on with that thing sticking in
there you were until you realized well I
was until I oh cuz I believe in a little
thing called quality controls otherwise
known as he had prior knowledge insider
trading just saying oh it's not prior
knowledge to know that those St things
can go in there does my computer still
work maybe I'm just wondering knife gang
hey look at that it
does that's awesome uh I can show you
what happened to the cable if you guys
would like um those of you who were
tuned into the stream earlier will know
that I accidentally knocked my computer
off of this test cart and when that
happened it landed on my cable um it's a
USBC cable but it's an in not an
Audi H here's what here's what used to
here's what used to be in it TMI there
you go that's a bummer I liked this
cable sorry what did you say you're good
hey nice I posted okay so uh I'm going
to move on to my
next my next adventure see you later
Jake see you thanks for playing all
right okay who's next your next
adventure is cake break cake break oh
wait do we get cake we get cake yay nice
I haven't left yet I stayed for the cake
all right uh should I have chat maybe I
can I you can take my mic if you want
how you guys doing uh all right I longer
connected to my Wi-Fi so chat is no
longer updating sick hey
Dan hey Dan I love all my fans you want
to hit me with a merch message yeah I
got loads here for you all right uh hey
ldr J happy birthday LT what Personal
Achievement throughout ltt's life are
you most proud
of go Personal Achievement um that's a
tough one right
because you'd have to
go what is the best person achiev
Personal Achievement yeah you so you'd
have to go back I was about to say you'd
have to go back to the very early days
to find anything that I did completely
by
myself oh is it because of is it because
of this pendant I'm wearing yeah I think
so it's it's protecting us is it
blocking all the 5G yeah H uh okay in
all seriousness though is my you're
you're good my mic good Okay cool so I
was going to say I'd have to go pretty
far back to find things that I
personally achieved completely on my own
and then I was thinking no even back
really far like I always had someone
holding a camera for me I always had
some kind of help so
um I don't know if I had to pick
something I'd say being a real company
you know where where people pay their
bills and feed their families and uh
snack and have snackies in the kitchen
you know yeah we have free snackies most
of the time most of the time all the
good stuff goes pretty fast U but
there's there's almost always something
there if you're desperate
enough um that would be that would be a
really interesting like uh data point
for like a snack company to have like
they just go into a company right and
put in like like 20 of everything and
then just like gauge how fast they all
disappear and that's like their it's
like the it's like the disappearing food
taste index of quality you know that
that would be a very interesting metric
anyway am I supposed to open this yeah
all right we've got a we've got a cake
break has anyone like partake oh wow
well that's cute
they are
bombs I'm going to go with balloons ah
right yes good you're you're upside down
In fairness to Me In fairness to me it
was going this way okay they kind of
look like
bombs I'm also playing dumb a little bit
uh okay so I'm supposed to am I supposed
to cut the cake do I just do the first
cut just do a first cut here yeah okay
I'm not going to just stand here and cut
cake the whole time okay and we've got
Cas going to the other buildings as well
so oh really oh that's fun all right
happy Sweet 16 LT let's
go um all right so should I just be
should I should I just be awful and like
do this you whatever you want for your
Pikachu go nuts
nice okay people hate it when I eat on
stream so I might just have like one
bite for
now people people get extremely angry
when I eat on stre wait I'm coming for
yeah yeah get in here all right I'm here
you used my knife for your cake that's
your knife what was the cake knife mine
now it's a computer knife you can have
it this knife is probably it's been some
places no B washed it oh you did yeah oh
nice it's a it's our prop knife it like
actually lives on the kitchen here we
used to have a little magnetic knife
thing but now we don't anymore okay I'm
going to put this aside for me for now
BR victim here am I starting my next yep
I got to switch your mic pack battery
line I don't want can you see what he's
doing Andy look what he's doing look
what he's doing there are worse things I
could do I was going to cut the 16 out
of the middle so he seriously just cut
that wow D I've got one here yeah swap
lus is pack for me yep please while so
he can eat some you see the kind of
things that I deal with around here give
me your pack while you eat totally
reasonable what is the
problem one person's going to get a
little angled piece that's
fine listen you have lost your night
privileges so just relax all right are
you trying to do the chocolate magic
trick this
is we're not doing this here I I am
right now actively see
and lovely see you later all right see
you later Andy hi second Andy what's up
man where my go it's over there
uh does someone want to take an end of
this so that we can get the computer
builds going again oh my goodness
um this is dangerous yeah the knife is
just kind of hanging off of it um let's
put that out here yeah yeah we'll we'll
we'll take it out there we'll take it
out there Take It Outside we'll let
other people have cake yeah let them eat
cake okay
Marie uh
sure you can follow him for you want
let's go talk to Dan see you later Andy
see what Dan's up to there you go
they're
back all right cool oh
man wow this has been quite the stream
today oh look we're going to get another
competently built PC it's John from the
lab thank
goodness our first three in a row our
first three guest Builders didn't put
the io shield on and our fourth guest
Builder put the io shield on but had the
tab sticking into the display port Port
the part that I left off is that I also
did that on the fourth Bild but I didn't
do it on any of the three prior so I'm
still giving myself a a 75% passing
grade here for building PCS that's fair
all right so clock's running we've got
half an hour you think you can
uh John do you think you can build a
computer in half an hour absolutely not
yeah for sure
but you ask him to build a test
bench he just slaps him in there you
wouldn't believe the way this man builds
test benches but you throw you show him
a case he don't exist he gets
confused he's all like Mama he just
doesn't
he I'm I'm making all of this up
obviously so you you haven't been on you
haven't been on camera that much tell us
something about JN that the audience is
unlikely to know uh I did archery
competitively for 13
years okay I also did not know that so
is that like um do you bring that up cuz
it's like a threat or uh how fast can
you run if you uh make it that
way got it excellent um why I no not
that not that that's a weird thing to do
I'm
just I'm just wondering why
archery uh started as uh
when we were on vacation in Mexico one
year
um we saw oh there's archeries so we
went there they totally had the bow
string wrong and everything so it was a
bad time um and then for my birthday the
next year my uh parents actually took me
to an archery club and then since then I
was enamored by it you're just hooked
yeah yeah and then nowadays I if it
shoots i' probably have shot it that's
cool you know it's funny cuz even though
I like you know was teasing you a little
bit oh why archery um that was like my
favorite thing at summer camp that was
my favorite station and we had this uh
we had this little Sporting Goods store
and the only reason that I'm thinking of
it right now is because we we had uh we
had lunch across the street from it last
weekend with the family and I was like
oh my God I don't remember what it's
called anymore but there's this little
sporting goods store in Ladner where I
used to love going in there because they
had all kinds of like like cool bows and
cool arrows and I was a kid and I didn't
understand what the heck any of it was
but I always found I always found the
bow M more interesting than the gun and
I don't I couldn't tell you why I just
they're more elegant I just love
the I love I love drawing it back now
the thing that everyone's going to need
to know here is what's your archery
style what do you mean do you get all
the glasses and everything have one hand
in the pocket that would be prettyy dope
I mean it would I it would be pretty
hard with a bow
but you could do it you just set up a
rig
yeah so so did do you have the cool
glasses and stuff or you just like no I
had a pretty good competition bow though
it was an actual shoot through one
instead of having it was a a compound
bow um and typically you don't knock it
on the side it goes like through the
thing yeah so what about the feathers
though um so the way that it has a drop
rest um most competition bows for
compounds have drop rest drop rest yeah
you're going to have to give me a little
more detail on what a drop rest is uh so
normally an arrow rests on uh a rest of
some sort that's not directly on the bow
because if it didn't rest on a rest what
would it rest on yeah exactly don't
don't settle for the rest settle for the
best rest sorry
H okay so normally you've got to you
have some kind of rest yeah so this one
the way it works is it would uh attach
to the actual compound strings and as
you draw back it lifts up um and then
when you release it it would actually
drop the rest down so that the arrow is
not actually touching anything as it's
flying what yes but then wouldn't it
like go down no because the arrow is
already
mid-flight
huh okay sure and that's good because
cuz then you don't have anything
potentially influencing the flight
path I
see oh okay I'm having a very hard time
wrapping my brain around why how it
would not kind of start to go down a
little bit but I will take your word for
it because I know far less about archery
than um you do so when did did when did
you stop
competing what year would that have been
I think I was
22 oh okay so like quite recently
then I wish I was that young still 20 oh
22 years old yeah yeah I thought you
meant
2022 all right never mind okay fair
enough we need the or the Blues Blue on
1700 right I think so I think so too
we're both going with I think so so this
is either going to go 100% great for
both of us or a epic fail for both of us
we'll see how how it goes yeah um pretty
sure it's blue pretty sure it's blue
they're they're colorcoded standoffs for
our you have the instruction booket I
don't you don't have a booklet no I
don't have one in mine I must have
thrown it out I'm pretty darn sure it's
blue uh yeah it is all right Jordan
you've got some stuff for us so oh we
want to thank uh we want to thank the
folks Who provided the hardware real
quick here uh Intel sent over eight CPUs
for our builds actually now is as good a
time as any to have a look at what we're
using oh these are great we've got core
i7 14700 KF processors we're not going
to need the onboard Graphics because
we're going to have gpus for our builds
and this gives us what are these like 20
core or something stupid like that
hopefully the BIOS is up to date on
these lot a flipping
uh and the packaging the packaging on oh
no they still do I can can you remember
how many cores a 14700 K has oh God me
out John the the product the product
lineups have gotten so complicated and
there's a barcode over top of my
sticker they used to say how many cores
they had on them they don't anymore
that's weird Dan help me is it 20 cores
on a 14700 K KF oh chat 14 chat's there
for me yeah I think it's I think it's
1420 chat says no all right how many
cores is it hit me chat hit me chat it's
on the prompter oh nice hey that'll
help toal
Intel builds hey there we go 20 cores 20
cores 28 threads that's the one that's
what I said right did I say 20 totally
yes all right
sick what are these things turbo to do I
have that too look at that they turbo up
to 5.6 gz got got all the little specs
there anyway Intel sent these over so
that when we are selling these on java.
the entire value of the CPU can go to
charity so it's going to be going to one
of our local food banks which is a
pretty important thing to contribute to
this time of year all right Jordan hit
me with a hit me with a challenge or you
can throw over to Dan for a merch
message or whatever you'd
like oo a price
challenge this is such an organized
stream we're celebrating 6 years of
streaming challenges all right I'm
good you think we would have figured it
out by now no no maybe after
32 uh so let's do a pricing challenge
okay what was the price of that fire
truck they weren't cheap I remember them
being like you know not completely
ridiculous unreasonable but certainly
not cheap uh see
wasn't it like 1,200 or something like
that no no way no that would been way
back in the day I'm going to say that
the RC fir truck was was 2012 in 2012
I'm going to say it was
$330 that sounds like a good guess
you're high actually I'm high how dare
you 2
270 the price I found on an archived
page from ncx was 99 bucks Canadian wow
that no that was on promo that was like
on clearance to get rid of them for sure
I promise you all right I promise you I
believe you now our videos weren't
sophisticated enough back then to have
so much as a like print screen
screenshot of the of the product page so
we're not going to be able to go back
and look at what it cost when it was
first launched but there's no way that
it was $99 that would have been a sick
value for 100 bucks it was actually
interesting going back because I found a
video of you talking about why we never
talk about prices in our videos oh
really yeah cuz you wanted them to be
Evergreen yes we gave up on that after a
certain point yes it turns out that when
you review a product people for the most
part want you to talk about the value of
it and we particularly ran into trouble
with that during the Great GPU
pricing um during the uh the covid
lockdowns and the the crypto mining boom
because we tried to kind of uh this this
was before your time John um but we
tried to kind of review a
GPU in the context of like how it fit
into the rest of the
lineup relative pricing against what
relatively speaking existed rather than
kind of get into that everything's a
terrible value and absolutely nothing
makes any sense and everything is
horrible and you're talking about the
landscape today is just perfect
well it's funny because people talk far
less about how bad it is right now it's
cuz it's normalized but it's not that
much better like as far as I can tell
the GPU manufacturers I mean especially
Nvidia because being the market leader
they kind of set the curve they
basically saw H so they'll pay that much
and we're like okay well we have
effectively a semi Monopoly in this
space in this discret gaming GPU space
St are they already installed uh yes
they're already installed all right cool
um so we have no incentive whatsoever to
ever adjust pricing back down so things
did come down a little but we are
nowhere near and you don't have to go
back that far we are nowhere near what
you know the reasonable pricing we saw
for 30 series was it's kind of wild
actually how we've all just kind of gone
okay well I guess that's what it GPU
costs now yeah I'm not a fan be honest
with you yeah like gaming well gaming
still is accessible I mean part of that
is thanks to uh gpus thanks to companies
like our sponsor jaw. G who uh makes it
easy to buy secondhand gpus
but brand new gpus like brand new
current gen gpus are really really
expensive these days all right Dan do
you want to hit me with my message yeah
sure I've got a bunch here if you want
to do a couple sure hey lonus finally
getting my hands on the screwdriver what
will be the next episode of wacky water
cooling solutions with Alex and Linus
truly my favorite series on the channel
ooh wacky water cooling with Alex and
lonus what do we have
planned I know that we want to do
something in the office like some kind
of some kind of whole room water cooling
of some sort but I've kind of talked
about this on Wan show our our office
situation here may change at some point
um and so I don't think we're looking to
do anything big to this building right
now although that that depends cuz we
may just not be able to find anything so
iio Shield not matter uh no it's built
in oh yeah that's right no it was only
the yeah okay that's funny because I
look I'm like what I mentioned to him
when we started yeah hey three people
four didn't manage to put in an IO
Shield yeah we're using a different
board now we're on our Intel platforms
now and they have an integrated IO
Shield you go so everything's fine um
anyway wacking wacky water cooling
solutions I want to get one of those
water cooled air conditioners um and
yeah but that might be a lonus and Jake
thing because that'll probably be for
the server room at my house so that we
can finally have it not be stupid I had
a leak this weekend
actually I might have uh I might have a
picture of what happened on my phone
yeah here let me let me see if I have a
picture it was not good though and this
jerk I message him on the weekend I'm
like yeah that thing that you like
helped me build is is leaking all over
the place um I I was helpful and you
were like LOL oh well it was funny you
were like holding it with your finger it
was it was ridiculous I send okay John I
send him this and his response is LOL
because just put a bucket under
it cuz it would drain the whole Loop so
so the fitting on there just snapped off
no no no you snapped it off no I didn't
dude it did not just explode itself no
it did just you were just standing in
the room and it just exploded Jake I
showed your stepdad what happened to it
so if you look at it if you look at it
cuz it's a it's a clear plastic it's
like a polycarb
poly but kind ofle PL and if you look at
it of the
ofed is shiny like a like a crack like a
sudden break and then there's like 20%
of it where it sheared off where I went
to tighten it cuz I thought it was just
loose cuz it was like it was spewing
water so I went to tighten it and the
whole thing just immediately came off I
barely touched it so you know you know I
was saying it was straight before I
found a photo of when we installed it
and the valve was straight so I think
something like fell off that table or
got knocked off and hit it and that's
why it was leaking but anyways can I get
you to say a sentence on stream that's
going to make no sense to the stream but
I need for something else I gu is this
an audio pickup for a video it how you
recording it this this is how I'm screen
recording the live stream it's going to
be seriously yep okay that's going to be
trash quality okay you're good so with
that said so with that said until the
end of the day December 2nd cool that's
all you need that's all I need thanks
sure update for your line oh that's how
we do it I know what video that's
for I know what video that's for we are
finally announcing the product that um
the the nas software that I made my my
second hey this really needs to exist
and I guess if I don't fund it nobody
else will my my second Tech investment
um into a Nas software and there's going
to be some some kind of special offer
that is only available for a limited
time I guess that's the new time window
for it very cool very very very TR cool
I have a sales update for you oh sales
update we are sold out we're sold out of
what out of our ja computers wait all
these computers are gone yep oh you
better get them done does that mean we
can end the stream and go home they're
all built yeah we can just leave I mean
if we've already got the money what does
it matter right thanks CU I became a
camera person you became a camera person
oh we sold out all of them y he's that
powerful yeah that that's the power of
John that's why we don't let him go on
camera because the entire industry is
going to be in shortage it's going to be
like look at look at that mug I want to
buy a
computer oh that's fantastic thank you
guys so much so that means that we are
contributing like what what what is it
work out to like about 20 grand it'll
depend on shipping but yeah it work out
to about 20 22 23,000 us to uh local
food banks that's awesome thank you so
much you guys super cool every time we
do stuff like this I'm like oh we should
do this kind of stuff more often but
it's a ton of work it's like actually a
ton of work setting up for streams like
this so so we're we're still going to do
it we're going to we're going to do them
um we're going to do them as often as uh
as we can make it make sense but uh yeah
that that that's why they don't happen
just like every week or whatever oh wow
if to go back and do this one again I
think I might put the cooler in after
the fact because
this is not as roomy a case as the first
one we were working in it's definitely
nice that it's really compact but it is
not the roomiest I also may have found
one other small challenge um mine are
bigger well I mean I can work in it yes
that is my superpower but it's a little
trickier to work in also I may have
noticed one small problem because we're
using higher profile memory yeah I was
concerned about that too I think this
fan is not going to be uh inside the
computer um we might be able to put it
on the reverse side I think we can get
away with the one fan on the nhd15 on
this thing this is only a
14700 I okay hold on May you know what
we could do um is we could just pull
from our inventory and get some 120 mil
f for the secondary and then we could
put 120s on there that's what we did in
the Caris machine okay yeah let's let's
do that so maybe Jordan can you just
make a note that we're just going to for
the Intel machines we're going to
replace that 140mm fan with a 120 all
right okay that should be fine uh have
we shouted out our contributors for this
oh no I haven't um Asus sent over eight
motherboards and two gpus so the z790
plus Wi-Fi boards that we're using here
were provided by Asus and then I guess
we've got a couple gpus that we're going
to be checking out later and because all
of our Hardware Partners Who provided
stuff for the stream today we're so
generous it means that pretty much the
entire retail value of these machines
that people are paying is going to be
going to the food bank so that's super
exciting we we set out to do this with
the goal of contributing all of the
profits for the builds and it turned out
that once everyone found out what we
were doing they were just like oh well
here's all the hardware so then it's
pure profit um so it's pure donation
this is pretty
cool and 16 people are going to get a
pretty sick sick deal on a
computer I can't believe how fast these
sold man can you imagine if we were a
retailer just like building computers
and selling them all day we could
probably make a pretty good business out
of that I should go full I should come
full circle we should just become become
lus build tips yeah uh lc.com
um I think it was you only have to
change one letter on your sign in your
office yeah and then it's no problem
that would really that would really save
a lot of money uh in the long run on
changing that sign in my
office you know I have actually tried to
buy nci.com yeah several times I make
about a yearly offer every year or so I
reach out and I make another offer but
um I think that there's a bit of a
disconnect between me and the current
owner on the value of it so um until we
can bridge that
Gulf um I don't think it's going to
happen and the thing but the thing is I
can be patient and I don't think anyone
else has lined up to buy it so uh time's
on my
side message yeah hit me Dan hey
everyone I have a question with my area
having no services to build or repair C
PCS and a lack of ways for people to get
good support for their techniques any
tips on starting to provide that
myself I think that if we learned
anything from that Facebook PC video a
little while ago where we hired random
people on Facebook to build PCS for us I
think what we learned from that is that
there is a shockingly active Marketplace
of both buyers and sellers for Tech
goods and services on these kinds of
marketplaces and if you were going to
set up something like that and pursue a
business like that for yourself the best
thing to do would be to keep your
overhead extremely low Market yourself
on social platforms take it slow build
up build up a client base build up
referrals small businesses never never
underestimate the importance of
referrals as a small business and uh you
know don't quit your day job immediately
the cool thing about um you know tech
support and tech jobs is most people
don't expect you know service while you
wait for virus removal or reformatting a
system or anything like that so just
make sure you don't bite off more than
you can chew get referrals and I don't
see any reason why you couldn't build
something like that up I think that it's
um I mean I did make money when I was
younger um building machines for people
I think it's probably a little more
challenging these days there's really
not a lot of margin in the in the just
like piece together parts and and build
a a PC for you business but there's also
ways that you can be creative and help
stretch a dollar for your clients um we
ran
into our Builder code name the
profession
who had some interesting Corners that
they cut they were very upfront with us
about it but using like uh an
engineering sample CPU I wasn't a fan of
the power supply they used uh but using
an engineering sample CPU and some other
creative techniques they managed to put
together a very performant PC for the
price and the only way that one of the
other builders was able to compete with
it was that they literally were doing it
for fun and were not making any money on
it so believe the professional did end
up outperforming the other person who
was doing it as a side hustle and was
trying to actually make money at
it so if you're if you're creative if
you if you find good
deals there's there's a lot of uh
there's a lot of good that can be done
helping people get a bargain I came
across a Reddit post I think it was last
week where an elderly relative
accidentally bought like a 12-year-old
computer for for for way too much money
way way more than it was worth um I hate
it when stuff like that happens I hate
it when stuff like that happens and I
hate how preventable it is because I've
been saying for years that that's a big
problem that I have with this like i7
branding this move away from any kind of
meaningful po Ultra
now I think it's just going to get more
and more confusing as time goes on and
so what I was going to say was I I think
there's a lot of room to do good
by finding the bargains that are out
there uh on you know older Hardware that
is still perfectly serviceable and and
keeping machines keeping machines uh you
know on the battlefield or or Call of
Duty as it
were all right Dan hit me in classic L
of Sebastian fashion my painters messed
up the planned eggshell finish
what am I leaving on the table for
having matte finish walls scrub
ability um eggshell basically just means
that there's a little bit more resin in
the paint and it has a bit more of a of
a glossy durable finish and so that
means that when it comes time to wash it
you're less likely to leave marks that
are going to look kind of
stupid it's not going to no indoor paint
unless you're in like a I don't know
like a a kitchen with a ton of moisture
or something like that no indoor paint
is likely to actually like flake Off the
Wall unless you unless you live in my
house what why what happens in your
house um the previous owners did a
terrible job with the paint and they put
uh water base over top of oil base okay
that is a problem um and you don't worry
you can prevent that all you got to go
do is go get yourself a little thing
nail polish remover as long as it has
acetone in it you just need something
with acetone you take a little bit of
acetone you put it on a rag and then you
you rub it in a in a discret spot on the
wall I mean theoretically it doesn't
matter cuz you're about to paint over it
uh but you just rub it in a little
discret spot on the wall and if it comes
off it's waterbased and if it doesn't
come off then it's oil based and you
just make sure that you paint on
whatever matches what was already there
if you want the best chance of adhesion
so in general indoors there's not much
risk of like the elements causing your
paint to break down um but it just means
that the nice finish won't last for very
long matte will look better for like 45
minutes and then after that it will it
will look worse that's why you put it on
the ceiling yes that's exactly why you
put it on the ceiling that's why we use
Matt on the ceiling um the other reason
we use it on the ceiling is because
matte hides imperfections much better
did you paint in a previous life your
house paint I had to paint my house oh
okay there you
um but it's going to get covered in spit
much shut up um sorry my watch was
talking to me uh yeah so we so one of
the other reasons for the ceiling is
they have these long long uninterrupted
spaces and it's really hard to apply
drywall perfectly that's one of the
reasons that stipple or popcorn ceiling
exists is because it helps to mask any
errors in the ceiling drywalling but
what also helps mask it is matte paint
is far less likely to draw the eye to a
bump or
imperfection uh what is going on right
now wait who put this in here whoever
pre-wired this put the power supply end
at the
top I was wondering why this eight pin
wasn't going in
amateurs all right that's
fine In fairness to them is has it has
been overall helpful to have a lot of
things
pre-applied uh Dan me with a merch
message sure think just swapped over to
an AMD system does AMD take advantage of
dual Channel memory thinking of swapping
out my b450 Mark I for one with four Ram
slots but if it's not going to make a
big difference I'll
skip so your two slots are already dual
Channel your four slots is just going to
allow you
to put two
dims sorry I'm this cable TI is going to
allow you to do two dims per one of your
channels AMD does support two dims per
channel on their consumer platforms but
not at the same speed as if you only run
one dim per channel so I would say
personally I would prefer to just use
one dim per channel on Modern platforms
because the speed difference is
something that is probably going to be
more not able than the difference of
having more memory unless you know that
you absolutely need more memory in which
case um having more memory is more
better so basically if you know you need
more memory go for it if you aren't 100%
sure probably you aren't going to get a
performance benefit from It
Anyway two minutes how we've only got
two minutes left well these uh cuz you
started grilling me on archery well you
didn't have to answer you could have
been the responsible one and kept us on
task I mean he's been pretty good it's
not entirely on me what do you mean he's
been pretty good I'm almost done too is
this GPU in no oh no I I think we're a
simar my uh motherboard cuz I cross
threaded a screw oh no yeah yeah I think
we're pretty close there Jordan yep Mr
he's been on
task uh man just play okay there's so
much RGB in here I don't want to deal
with this
what even is all of this welcome to
Thermal
take oh I don't want
RGB I just want an easy build line is
Edition don't plug it in h no that's
what we did for Brad's computer he's
like oh it's too
bright no I'm going to plug it in I
thought he liked vgb uh I plugged in his
EK fans and they were on like rainbow
mode the entire time set toe I'll pass
on this yeah probably yeah
I don't know I got a pair of side
Cutters for if you want okay hit me Dan
sure hi DM I work at media Mark the Best
Buy of Europe why do you think these big
box Tech shops don't sell many
individual PC parts my store basically
only sells ssds and thermal
paste um I mean I yeah I know the answer
to that there's no margin in it um
finished system
you're going to be supported not just by
the margin on the system itself but a
lot of the time there's much more
generous um spa or spiff or MDF programs
that are attached to them so that's
where you're actually making money in
the PC industry is through marketing
programs when you're a large retailer
and on a motherboard you might
make eight or nine points 10 points um
on a
CPU um like especially a popular high
run rate model you're maybe making like
five points I mean Microcenter famously
sells so many of their CPUs at a loss
right um so a lot of retailers just kind
of look at that industry and they kind
of go
why like why am I bothering with this
when I can sell I can sell TVs which
have a lot of the margins out of TVs
these days but you know I can sell TVs I
can sell um laptops I can sell
I mean a l wow a lot of categories have
really contracted over the years I was
going to say cameras but like they're
kind of dead uh the point is just
there's other there's other categories
that at least have some profit left in
them and PC parts is not not a lucrative
not a lucrative business all right you
are now officially behind well your next
Challenger is here my next Challenger is
here okay well that's
fine I am close I am a lot closer than
it probably looks or I am a lot farther
than it probably looks and I'm not sure
which one yet because I don't know how
hard it's going to be to plug these
cables into this power supply with this
little
room I'm certainly going to do my best
oh you did the opposite way yeah you
fool I know I yeah I know I know I did
not do a very smart thing here oh no oh
no we're Nvidia on this
one oh no I have to get all the way to
the other end also did whoever wire this
up wire it backwards no they didn't okay
I oh man can I do this can I plug one of
these 12 pin connectors in all the way
in
there what is that sound is that showing
up on the mic yes oh okay good sounds
like my neighbors are doing it during
the
stream
ridiculous uh nope I cannot do
this my small hands power does have
limits I'm going to have to undo this
power supply and plug in the modular
cables and put it back in fortunately
that shouldn't take too long I thought
you're supposed to be getting better at
this yeah well he's got to reset cuz
Intel now 3 minutes behind though yeah
this is a very different this is a very
different system with different qu this
is like one four not like yeah I think
so five of eight um has anyone at any
point here figured out what our times
are for the machines it is very very
important to me and I cannot stress this
enough that we figure this out at some
point literally know one no I need to
know how much each system took is anyone
watching at home able to go back in the
will figure it out and get get us the
times will the in andout times for each
machine please
thank it would mean so much to me the
entire title of the video is building
PCS until I get good at it but we can't
quantify it until we know how long they
take to build I will go through
everything now well you're not so much
uh hey Dan what maybe put that on pause
can I get a merch
message well don't complain about it
then do you think PC electronics are
sturdier than that of a decade or more
ago example I had multiple GeForce 8800
gtx's and the cards only ever lasted
just passed their warranty and even the
motherboard suffered issues no not even
a little bit um man the the tolerances
are so tight these days uh things are
things run hotter um bpec these days I I
don't think I've seen I don't think I've
seen anything to indicate that the
electronics manufactured today are are
more robust there are things that are
there are things that are I think if we
were to go back to electrolytic
capacitors that would be a a big problem
for the longevity of our Electronics but
I think all other things being equal you
know you man like John you've probably
dug you know a PCB out of some uh you
know radio from the 1970s you look at
the size of the traces on those boards
oh yeah they couldn't they couldn't fail
like it's uh they were built like tanks
except for they were very terrible
tanks okay I've got some times yeah so
we have great tanks that are finy is all
heck these days I guess if that's if
we're continuing John's
analogy thanks float plane chat I've got
times for you l us we've got times okay
what are our times 1 37 and A2 minutes
okay PC2 27 minutes PC 3 28 minutes PC 4
35 minutes
really yeah oh wow I'm all over the
place yeah interesting where are we now
Jordan like what is this one uh this is
number something 36 what's the timer
say oh he's been building it for 6
minutes nope 36 minutes it doesn't count
up no or it just resets immediately
pluging in the yeah he's on 6 minutes
into the next one I oh my goodness this
is um cool I can keep track of that now
this is the most challenging build so
far I am challenged right
now
okay I
think I have built this
computer
I but will it post am almost certain
that the RGB is not hooked up
correctly dang
it no I don't think they wired together
all the RGB for us John mine looked
pretty clean I
mean I won't deny that it's clean it's
just a question of whether it is plugged
in oh God these are those stupid ones
that you have to bend
off what the the uh graphics card area
oh
yes the other case I don't want to be
down too much on the case because they
generously provided it for the stream
and it's for charity which is really
good but
I will say that I
appreciated some of the nice to
haves that our other case had
um okay let's see let's see if my system
works oh after I put a GPU in it dang
dang
nabit these can be a little scary I
think for my SEC oh no this is nice this
motherboard has this area of the PCB
quite clear but if you look right here
there's some surface mount components
here and when you bend these out you can
knock these
off don't ask me how I know all right
what do we got for gpus here I got an
RTX 470 super oh that's nice to see
mine's white all right we've gone uh
well your doesn't match your um the
visual aesthetic there but hey that's
fine it'll it'll output frames just the
same it is a bold choice or generate
them it's just an absolute showcase that
is the other option does the GPU
generate the frames or is that done on
the CPU and then the GPU just part I'm
calling it The GPU I'm saying it's
generated on the GPU all right Dan do
you want to hit me with a merch message
sure do you think the big difference
between AMD and Nvidia is just software
Cuda dlss Etc or are Nvidia gpus better
even without those things taken into
account if anything I would say that
price for Price AMD gpus are better um a
lot of a lot of the the engineering of a
of a GPU these days is pretty well
understood those Folks at both team red
and Team Green have been doing things
for a very very very long time
um and I think that we have seen
Generation by generation that on paper
AMD will have a lot more performance um
in theory but Nvidia finds a way to um
to be very very competitive in terms of
of real world performance it's also
gotten extremely complicated to measure
because now we can't just look at you
know memory bandwidth and um you know
how many shaders it has or whatever else
right like you can't just look at Raw
specs uh because especially Nvidia has
included
um like essentially uh um assist you
know co-processors on their gpus that do
things like uh help with um AI
accelerated upscaling
so I I would say I would say AMD
generally builds uh a stronger GPU for
the price but not out of the goodness of
their heart it's because in order to
compete they kind of like have to throw
more Raw run at the problem would be my
assessment okay let's see if we manage
to build a functioning computer here any
luck any
dice oh my goodness am I 10 minutes over
I'm 10 minutes overtime on this one yeah
good
gravy okay and I'm supposed to talk
about LTT store I think it's posting hey
didn't it post I'm going to call that
time
yes 40 40 minutes 30 seconds new guest
okay I have a new guest a hey how's it
going Tatiana from Creator Warehouse wow
you are making progress yeah very slow
progress which is good no good job uh
you're doing everything right so far so
that's that's better than Dennis here's
a for you oh she doesn't have a mic well
okay cool well she'll talk in a minute
uh okay I was wondering why you were all
done up this morning but I was afraid to
ask cuz I think you're not supposed to
ask oh my God yes it's for viewers yeah
okay hey that makes sense we had our
merch meeting this morning and uh I was
like well you know like um Mark for
example you know showed up and like like
you know totally done up all nice and
you know you you ask uh but I I don't
know I never know what the rules are and
I don't want to overstep my bounds so I
just did I was like oh okay yeah her
hair looks nice today but I didn't say
anything um but this makes way more
sense now this totally makes sense
anyway uh do you want to explain are you
mic now yeah your mic now do you want to
explain what you do for the uh for the
creative Warehouse team and also um get
out of my way cuz I need half the table
yes sorry get out of my way yeah so I'm
the raw materials uh product developer
here at creater Warehouse so I work on a
lot of fashion products to make sure
that everything is tested and that we
have excellent Fabrics that are tried
and true and stand the test of time
sorry you're good and uh sometimes I
work on some engineering products and I
also help around with photography and
everything else in order to make create
a warehouse what it is so one of her
first challenges that is now finally
coming to Market um I think sometime in
the next couple
months yeah yeah was our mod net so I um
I I gave her a very difficult task I
basically said yeah it needs to be price
competitive because I think one of the
problems with the existing mod mats on
the Market is that they're so expensive
that unless you're building computers
regularly or commercially uh they don't
even really make sense to buy so so many
people who are working on projects or
building computers can't really absorb
that much cost in in the in the cost of
their machine so I don't think that
really makes sense but I also came back
to her and said well okay so it has the
cost has to make sense but do you
remember all the things that I that I
was like they need to be class leading
let's see let's see for fun cuz I you do
it because I don't
remember well it had to be very easy to
oh sorry it had to be uh very easy to
clean it had to make sure that no screws
would fall off so the tribology and the
wear had to be really good in order to
capture that kind of friction you're
going to have to defi Define words like
tribology she always does this she just
drops some technical ass term in the
middle of the meeting and I'm
like yeah that's that's a word I've
never heard before what what oh really
yeah explain oh okay um it's the study
of wear and friction okay so especially
when you're talking about for oh sorry
for example bearings or when you're
looking at gaskets and stuff you want to
make sure that there's enough lubricant
in R means it's that the actual texture
on it allows for more friction in order
to make sure that nothing will slide off
so that was one of the tests to make
sure that we had a adequate amount of
friction applied and then looking at
doing not only internal testing but also
third party testing
I did a ton in regards to picking the uh
blend of rubbers and even the fillers so
it actually uses a uh conductive um
carbon black in order to make sure that
the top is dissipative and that the
bottom is conductive that's is so cool I
always forget that like a lot of the
people we work with are nerds too and CW
has some really cool Specialties almost
all of them I know it's awesome it's so
cool it's just types of nerdom it's
great yeah we're very excited about this
product she ended up hitting some
stretch targets it is uh extremely burn
resistant um so you're you're still
going to be able to Market if you try
really hard like you know don't expect
to be using a blow torch over top of it
and hitting it full blast and having it
not Mar at all or whatever the case may
be but it is up there with any other um
any other product on the market in terms
of heat resistance and we also uh
managed to find an outstanding print
process that gives it a really vibrant
but still extremely clear um clear print
so that was uh that was one of Tatiana's
early tasks that she has managed to
bring all the way to market now it'll be
launching fairly soon and then there's
another one that we're going to have to
discuss because it wasn't nearly as much
of a success and has been an ongoing
pain point and has actually put some
strain on our relationship um because I
asked Tatiana to solve once and for all
the fact that we don't have socks and
she promised do you remember that yes I
did she was she was young and naive then
yes I was she she promised to find a
sock blend and a sock uh what is it it's
not a weave is it what's the what's the
technal the knit and a sock knit that
would meet my exacting standards Y and
the only reason I actually bring it up
is because I think I think we're finally
getting close oh hopefully hopefully how
many samples have you have you brought
to oh my God a ridiculous amount of
samples ridiculous amount of samples but
I don't ask for much I ask for Comfort
durability breathability quick drying I
want it to look
nice I mean really uh affordable yeah
yeah I right that's what everyone wants
yeah exact right I'm asking for no more
than what our customer wants which is
the world yep at a good
price oh man yeah no it's it's kind of
it's kind of wild the uh the different
rabbit holes that you've ended up okay
oh okay give me give me another rabbit
hole that you ended up at ended up down
during your time here that you did not
expect oh that I did not expect well you
can give me one you expected as long as
it's fun too I love all of the different
changing materials that we do such as um
we're doing some that change when you
apply water to it and it reveals
something or even some heat changing
ones so when you touch it it'll actually
phase change essentially into a
different color both product leaks I
know okay but Nick it wasn't me it was
not me for a change hey you know what I
did talk about the um the zip off shorts
that I was like oh would anyone actually
want this and lo and behold Nick comes
to me and he's like you know what
everyone in the comments wanted it so I
got schooled a little bit and uh we
might it might be coming out soon so you
know Are you seriously going to do zip
poop shorts that would be amazing I
actually love those they're so
practical but what do you do with the
legs are you doing mix like different
colorways cuz you could do mix and match
d k i i revealed so much already I got
to stop
okay well we I should atast I should at
least clarify what she's talking about
with the um the the water reveal so I'm
personally extremely excited about this
one I mean do your best impression of
the noise that I made when you guys
first showed me the fabric samples let's
let's hear it and I was
like it was either that or something
along those lines it's so cool so do you
want to explain how it works it's a
fabric that when it gets wet it like
reveals a hidden picture essentially so
how does that work so essentially it's a
clear resist that's applied onto the
fabric so therefore wherever the resist
is is going to uh not wet or absorb the
into the fabric thus not changing the
color therefore you're going to see the
print when it the parts do get wet and
the other parts resist it hopefully
makes sense that's a good I think that's
a good
explanation what I don't understand
necessarily is how that like like
wouldn't the wouldn't the water creep in
from the side like under the resist or
does the resist soak into the fabric so
that it just um well resists essentially
okay so that's how it works anyway we're
doing a bathing suit yes and it is so
cool because uh when it gets wet so it
it just looks like a solid color when
you're still on the beach and then when
you get in the water and it gets wet
what did we settle on for the pattern do
you remember uh yes well there's going
to be two I don't know how much we want
to reveal
but you are officially the leakiest team
member now jeez I can't you know what
just just go for it do you remember what
either of them are cuz I it actually is
escaping me right now the brosaurus and
the circuit print okay that's right okay
so we're going to have we're going to
have a common version of the swim trunks
and then we are also going to have a uh
like a special like a shiny um and it's
going to be just kind of loot boxes so
you'll order the swi the swim trunks and
you will either get like a circuit
inspired print kind of like our old like
water cooling inspired print that we had
on our old swim shorts or
is it 5% I can't remember I can't
remember what the odds are don't quote
me on the odds but there are some odds
5% is it 5% oh nice okay uh so there's a
5% chance that when they get wet they
will instead reveal bread sorus um so so
excited about that product and then the
uh the temperature change one is like a
it's like I wouldn't describe it as a
puffy jacket um is it a puffy jacket it
is a puffy jacket it's a little puffy
but it's not like a like a puffer jacket
I don't think kind of how would you
describe it it kind of
is okay well um I would say that it's
it's not like your average down jacket
but it is going to be a um kind of like
a coach's jacket so it's going to be a
like a polyester fill so it's not going
to be as warm as it down so it's going
to be a really good in between
especially for the fall or spring months
um anyway the part that's really
exciting about that one is uh what do
you what do you call like a
thermochromic yeah thermochromic so we
found a thermochromic material that
initially they kind of tried to talk me
out of um but you were you were in my
camp for this one right oh yeah I love
it yeah she was Pro thermochromic so um
they tried to talk me out of it and the
reason was that it takes your body heat
and it changes color but the challenge
with that is that if you have any
internal pocketing for instance um you
end up with more uh thermal insulation
between your body and the jacket right
um and between the outer layer of the
jacket right because insulation is
insulation it works both ways it's kind
of it's kind of doing what it's supposed
to do if it keeps your body heat in away
from the surface where it can be
dissipated to the surrounding air yeah
so um because anywhere with extra layers
so anywhere where there's a pocket bag
or anywhere where there's like extra
stitching or whatever is not going to
transfer heat as well and is going to
end up kind of looking kind of patchy
they kind of tried to talk me out of it
and honestly I just think it adds to the
coolness of the look it's very cool so
essentially how it works is that once uh
heat is applied the chain structure
becomes more flat thus allowing more uh
light to pass through making it more
transparent so then you can see the base
color so cool so we're we're Tatiana has
been been um a big part of us
experimenting with like new materials in
particular cuz that's kind of her bread
and butter but she also does more just
like run-of-the-mill stuff as well like
uh for instance we were working on uh a
t-shirt that we're calling the Zuck and
the reason is that it's it's modeled
after the t-shirt that Mark Zuckerberg
famously wore for years and years and
years before you got a stylist um and
one of the things that's a big challenge
is getting the hand feel right to match
the kind
of the quality and the the drape of of a
really expensive material because it
legitimately is like he wears $400
shirts I don't think I think it could be
done for less than $400 which becomes
Tatiana's problem um so I forget where I
was going with this right so one of the
things that Tatiana did recently was cut
up a $400 t-shirt yep in order to have
the fabric tested um because like she's
really struggling with this PC so sorry
I wanted to ask like I'm going to put
I'm going to put your bracket on the
right way and then um this is the first
time I'm doing this yeah yeah no you're
doing great have you ever built a
computer before no okay you are doing
amazing you're doing appreciate it
you're probably lying no no I'm not the
you have the ram in the correct slots
you got the CPU in without busting
anything as far as I can tell uh you
have the correct standoffs for your like
the correct spacers for your CPU Cooler
Mount you're actually doing like
outstanding All Things Considered
apprciate
that you need some help obviously but
all things all things considered this is
this is great this is great okay so
you're going to want to tighten all
those down first before you do that and
you're going to want to take that fan
off of there anyway the point is that we
are we're we're trying to
we're trying to match it and so uh she
has this special little machine I guess
it's technically a machine anything's a
machine that does work um so she has
this special little machine that Cuts
Like A Perfect Circle out of a garment
or out of a fabric so that you can
measure the exact weight of it which is
in what like grams per square something
GRS per square meter GSM cutter G per
square meter there you go so um by
finding that out we are we're basically
able to deter
oh oh this is whoops oh man
this this machine is a lot harder to
build in but I'm going to gosh darn it
I'm going to do I'm going to do my best
here let's take that off um basically
it's part of figuring out why something
is good I wouldn't go as far as to say
reverse engineering because we're not
necessarily targeting the exact same
composition or the exact same uh Source
because if we were to Target the exact
same Source it would probably cost just
as much cuz it's like what is it like a
particular town in Italy or something
where they solatano I believe but I'm
not quite sure but a small town in Italy
where everyone is like it's a
generational knits and Weavers and
everything is able to be traced back
however we are looking at the options
that we do have in using other European
Mills to also have the same kind of
ethics and the same kind of practice
races just add a much more reasonable
price point for our consumers yeah there
you go that thing that thing she said
okay manage to get the eight pins
Plugged In which is going to save me
some time later but I'm a little worried
about some of this Cable Management
because the last one was kind of a
nightmare how much time do I have for
this one Jordan 15 I have 15 minutes
left you know what I can do it I can do
this I think Tatiana is going to do her
best I'm to do my best yes that is all
that anyone can ask of
you um kind of lost now can I help you
yes please no problem uh you are going
to want to go ahead and put some thermal
goop on there let's see let's see how
she does let's see how she does cuz I
think as part of uh designing or helping
with the design of the modmat she's
probably had to look at like thermal
goop patterns not really you know what
that is a good guess okay that's a good
enough guess that um whether what you
did is necessary or not it's not going
to harm anything and that will work
fine I know there's an x pattern I know
there's a lot of different patterns I
know a lot of people just do the one
line I don't know I just free did it I
guess yep you know what that's uh that's
totally valid and you're you're you're
going to you're going to get away with
one on
that okay I what I need to do because
I'm actually trying to get this computer
done in a in a shorter time than the
last one I built is I need to pre run a
couple of these things that don't fit
through this Gap once I put the power
supply in so let's get our front panel
audio in here Dan do you want to hit me
with a merch
message absolutely I just got a visitor
here oh you have a visitor oh hey look
it's Nick oh I haven't done the LTC
store read okay LTC storees Black Friday
deals are here now is the time to try
our magnetic cable management and we
have two brand new offerings for black
what where are you going what are you
doing standing next to you you run the
store we have two brand new offerings
for Black Friday and Cyber Monday first
up is the essential solution I like your
clone while supplies last you can grab a
curated assortment of MCM items and save
20% while doing it this is the best deal
we've offered for MCM to date with 14
arches 12 cable tie holders two power
bar keys two power brick holders and all
the accessories you need to make your
cable mess a thing of the past next is
our starter solution this is the most
affordable way to try and MCM you get
two arches a cable tie holder one power
bar key for only 15 bucks will also
include VHB plates and silicone grips
along with the standard plates and
screws so you can try MCM for yourself
in all of its forms we've also got
discounts on bundles on screwdrivers
scribe drivers notebooks water bottles
and even some products from other
companies namely a stream deck Mark I or
Sennheiser HD 560s which are included in
a bundle with our magnetic Cable
Management room solution and finally
free shipping during our Black Friday
Cyber Monday event customers in the US
and Canada get free shipping on orders
of $250 or more and international
customers get free shipping on orders of
$300 or or more so check out all the
details details yeah sure check out all
the details for yourself at lm. g/ bfcm
I'm supposed to say deals but I let's
go all right buy it please yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah help him buy hair wow are
you going to send me to Turkey send you
to Turkey is that a thing that's where
they all get their hair replaced or
whatever their hair transplants they all
go to Turkey cheap airplanes on the way
back from Turkey it's just a bunch of
dudes with their heads wrapped up really
yeah yeah y you never seen that before
no that's like a thing yeah I've never
had to the best like hair people I I
don't know I've never looked I don't
care yeah yeah yeah no I know I know y
oh than okay this is getting so much
worse obviously you don't care no no no
that's not that's not not
what the hole deeper my goodness would
have said in 2015 keep L Nick can I do
something for you are you visiting for a
reason or oh can you check the the call
list here I'm I'm oh you're next yeah oh
good okay lus is taking so long on the
computer sorry Nick oh yeah thanks sorry
uh you're going to want to take this fan
off oh okay and then you need to screw
down through here to to screw this to
the plate there cuz right now it's just
you know yeah like that
um and also just it doesn't matter but
it would mean a lot to me if you'd have
the noctua ight okay it doesn't matter
it doesn't matter it doesn't affect
performance it's just it's one of those
things yeah
yeahh decide be pleased this Punch If
you could if you could do that I should
do a what now leak some more stuff leak
some more stuff yeah Tatiana leaked all
the stuff yeah that's okay I'm a Tatiana
tail I actually like a oh wow for now
yeah for now we done a lot of
screwdrivers hey let's go let's go oh
man okay what else am I supposed to be
doing am I do you have any of the things
for me or anything or like
one do we have a guessing game thing we
can guess some stuff I got a merch
message in the meantime if you fancy I'm
getting a little frazzled here at this
point why cuz you're so
behind yes oh okay hi from Switzerland
thanks for all of the great content my
friends at University about the other
content you're not going to thank me for
that why would they I grew up with LTT
we share this love for Tech thanks to
y'all we wonder what your utility bills
look
like how do I say this without sounding
completely like deranged levels of out
of touch I have no
idea I have not looked at a utility bill
in my adult life I'm going to message
cedo um
yeah cedo would
know uh yeah I went straight from my
parents paying my utility bill to my
wife paying my utility bill so I
legitimately have never I've never so
much as seen one um I don't know
probably not good because we have people
who work from home and they cannot
possibly be expected to like put their
computer to sleep only when they need
only when they're knock going to need to
wake it the next day to remote into it
or whatever else and stuff so basically
all like 100 machines in this building
are just on all the time uh just just
like our idle power consumption is
probably
ridiculous um cedo is getting it for us
yeah I don't know what to I don't know
what to tell you guys other than that
it's probably horrible and that is in
spite of us being in a part of the world
that has um
very very favorable energy costs I mean
we've been calculating Pi 24/7 the
last don't worry about it we've been
doing nothing to nobody there's no pie
only cake yep um any who uh let's change
the subject really quick here Dan oh
sorry which ones am I supposed to start
out oh yeah yeah yeah um okay so you got
to start by taking that fan off okay
sorry I feel so bad no no you didn't
great so uh here I can if you'd like I
can show you how to do it thank you um
okay so you pull this back here okay you
weren't looking where you I was yes pull
this back here hold then this don't
touch the thermal goop cuz it's going to
it makes such a mess I hate getting it
on my hands it takes forever to clean um
I feel so bad no no you're doing great
this is the more challenging of the two
computers so you would have had probably
an easier time if you'd done the other
one they really they really threw you to
the wolves on this
great love it oh I
okay then I assume this is like this
yeah but the knock to our right side up
no I'm kidding I'm kidding it's right no
no it was right it was right I'm I'm
just being unhelpful you why are you
doing this to me I don't know you
probably had it coming for some reason
let's look back in time for a second I
always do probably something let me
think um well okay maybe uh maybe how
you failed me for the last time Commando
when it comes to socks no I'm in all
seriousness though the latest sample is
very
promising very very promising super
quick drying oh yeah right I forgot one
of the other things that I told you it
couldn't do is shed yes yep yep I really
didn't ask for
much tell us another cool project what
do you what do you I mean you've already
leaked everything that's upcoming so
what was something that you did in the
past other than this
uh in the past that I've done other than
this I mean super soft worked on and
that was a lot of fun oh yeah that
hoodie is doing really well the super
soft hoodie on the store is I mean like
it's right in the name it's super soft
um what did you do for that uh so I mean
I do everything in regards to testing to
make sure that it uh has a really good
dimensional stability to wash I do
everything in regards to color fastness
to make sure that you don't see any
color transfer when you wear it stuff
like that even for a lot of the reorders
making sure that it um is relatively the
same so a lot of the testing that I do
also mimics is trying its best to mimic
the real world environments that it's in
so pilling we do as much as we can while
also being very very soft all that stuff
oh that's a fun one uh so I had you I
had you mimic the uh the sound that I
made when I first saw um what was it I
think the oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
the water the water color change
materials can you tell us the sound you
made when you saw saw the me get
validated by project farm with his
washing methodology for our t-shirt oh
my God the whole fashion team we were
all just like what do you mean that you
threw them all in the wash all at the
same time just randomly on a high heat
and we were just like are you kidding
me see I've told them for years that one
like one of the things that I'm always
riding the fashion team about is um
uh what What's the uh uh shrink um
shrinkage dimensional stability to wash
yeah and uh and they're always like well
it's not really a problem if people take
care of their garments properly and I'm
like they won't you have to understand
our customer is not going to and so I'm
always getting this push back on like
well as long as we provide really clear
as as long as we provide really clear uh
care instructions then it should be fine
and you know it shouldn't a huge problem
like no they're just going to hu them in
the washing machine and then they're
just going to hu them in the dryer and
so when Todd did his test and uploaded
his video I immediately CCD the entire
fashion te and I was like see we have to
be ready for that everything that we did
led us up to this moment when we were
the highest overall rated t-shirt in
Todd's test and if we hadn't if we
hadn't had our super low shrinkage we
wouldn't have
won it's true all right I've got a
monthly power bill here for you oh no do
you want to take a
guess uh man I feel like this is going
to be like Lucine Lucille blof uh
guessing at the price much power cost
$1.2 million yeah um per month I
honestly just have absolutely no idea
I'm going to say
$2,800 a
month uh okay you gotta you got to go to
Dan go to Dan get the it's just under
five grand what but that also includes
gas what what do you mean it includes
gas what
gas for the shop probably for the shop
what gas do they use what gas
Alla oh like natural gas oh we use
almost no natural gas we have that one
radiant tube left and we hardly ever we
hardly ever touch it because it's it's
loud um well it's not loud there's a fan
next to it that is loud because
otherwise it just heats the one side and
it doesn't blow any of the heat anywhere
else way way cheaper than I was
expecting really well we're in BC so
like well absolutely it is a place that
has very very inexpensive power relative
to most of the world but uh and we have
a lot of power hungry
stuff five grand a month huh jeez that's
like a whole employee if we just didn't
use any electricity we could hire like
an assistant for Tatiana think of it
what do you think should we stop using
electricity we'll just switch to paper
and pencil candle light oh God candle
yeah I'm down would could you find us
the best candles that have the optimal
like light throw to oh yeah we would be
measuring the luminesence we'd be doing
all that oh of course can I get like a
5500 Kelvin candle like Andrew Andrew
would kill us do that yeah we need like
a lighter blue candle otherwise the
lighting for the cameras that we have to
charge outside are going to be like
pretty bad um all
right how do I not about this two
minutes I guess it kind of makes sense
cuz I didn't I never asked anybody um
actually that's not true I have asked
yvon before but she wasn't sure either
uh it's it's been uh it's been on the
accounting team to sort these things out
for quite some time now
all right don't think about it don't
about it yeah that's probably the safest
thing
realistically jeez man think about how
many computers you have going on yeah
look at all these computers we're
building for charity Isn't that
cool won't be paying my power bills with
them we're going to be feeding this the
the the the the people they we're going
to be donating we our plan is a local
food bank we haven't figured out exactly
which one I don't think yet um Jordan
just told me the plan is a local food
bank cuz it seems like the right thing
to do this time of year okay let's go
ahead and get my power supply plugged in
how are you doing over there I'm trying
I'm trying my best you are very trying
no I no no I'm kidding I'm kidding it
was just you walked right into it you
walked right into it I had to I know I
did I really did I had to take the bait
I'm sorry I don't actually mean that
anyway
the the point is um Okay one minute
shoot um okay you need to turn this fan
around the other I do okay uh yeah um
yeah you can move that one too and that
one is going to be more work to move
because you need to um put the metal
bracket on the other way on the other
way okay I'm sorry you're no it's fine
you know what considering that you have
have had only half an hour you have made
excellent progress for first time
Builder so what made you volunteer for
this if You' never built a computer
before I told Jordan I was like I've
never really done this before are you
sure he's like yeah we're going to have
different skill levels I'm like okay I'm
down but I then I saw that it was timed
and I'm like I do not do very good
things under pressure so I'm like
everyone in the comments is probably
saying who is this girl and why does she
not know anything I'm going to be like
I'm sorry no no she knows lots of stuff
just not about this you're doing better
than Dennis and that's okay um yeah yeah
you've gotten less done but you've also
gotten less done incorrectly okay so
like he got more done but a lot of it
was
wrong I would say I would say doing less
right is better than doing more wrong so
this way in
general like it's I don't know yeah yeah
it's better to do it's better to do a
little bit right okay and taana there
should be some hot glue in the Box to
just kind of tack it on hot hot
glue okay what are we talking about was
I supposed to need hot glue for
something I have not used any hot
glue uh is no one going to clarify that
for me or no I'm just on my own okay
that may be what you called a joke oh is
joke and you're out of time by the way I
am doing just fine for time I am almost
done where did I put my screws for this
power supply there they are 1 two 3 four
okay so what was um I guess you don't
have a time what was my time for the
last last one the last one in this case
the last one was 40 minutes and 30
seconds dude I'm going to be so far
under that on this one I got this okay
it's time for oh no I haven't done the
GPU yet oh for crying out loud is Nick
starting now oh more Head Start starts I
really shouldn't have let myself fall
behind at the very beginning that that
was my mistake today to be fair I did
delay us an hour you did a what now I
delayed us an hour well no I mean it
wasn't your fault that the internet went
out at the building unless it was your
fault in which case bad Dan uh might
have been his
fault don't actually know for sure that
it wasn't no not my fault it wasn't you
okay I think it was my fault that the
rest of the company was down for about
too long okay
cool oh
man this whole time I I had this concept
of that I would have my laptop for chat
and then I accidentally knocked my
laptop off a desk earlier and then I
haven't had I haven't had any any chat
I've had no idea what's going on are
people even enjoying this Dan yeah they
seem to be uh like they can't believe
it's been still entertaining after three
or so hours um tell taana she's doing a
great job oh my God who is this girl and
why can't she be on more LOL Get Wrecked
Dennis she is on more you just have to
subscribe to float plane Tatiana's
actually had uh you did did a couple
exclusives I think on float plane uh
what was the one you did by yourself the
oh the backpack mining mining backpack
I've done I've also done a deep dive
into how we test for materials so that
one I had also done if anyone wants to
also see me say that you have to follow
the care instructions then I get roasted
in the comments saying we're not going
to follow it anyway so I'm like well
okay suits yourself you don't have to
but if you want the long longevity of
your clothes you probably should
every time I see lectured by taana if
that's your thing then feel free to
subscribe to float plane uh you were
also heavily involved in the one where
we uh we all tried out and talked about
the $400 Zuckerberg t-shirt yeah the
branell Cinelli Y and then also the uh
teeth boots if you've seen that if you
have no idea what you're talking about
go check it out essentially we 3D print
some fangs onto a shoe and we get to use
a lot of the equipment around the office
and labs and to do so so that was super
fun and we have some fun upcoming ones
too oh are you in some more exclusives
that are coming up yeah oh are you going
to are you going to leak them like you
leak everything no this one I can't oh
really this one I can't oh interesting
cuz I think there's some people who
would be very upset if I did oh okay are
their names
Sammy uh no oh okay so this is like very
top secret do I even know about this no
you don't and that's all I'll say oh I'm
not going to say anymore oh good I love
surprises especially surprises like I
don't know if this um 4070 super is
actually going to fit in this
case
um oh
boy
um huh well this is
fun
wait no way no way hold on okay hold on
no no I want you guys to I want you guys
to be there with me for the adventure so
I'm coming around so you can see here we
go we're going to get this we're going
to get this in here
oh my
gosh this may be the tightest GPU fit
that I have ever
seen there we
go we are here hold on here let me find
uh here this number two fil
friction fits between this GPU and the
fan
here that's how tight it
is hilarious all right cool let's get
this power plugged in and then let's
find out if this bad boy
posts I know uh this one can go on this
side and these clips they go on the far
end yeah no you're doing you're doing
great okay chat chat's getting antsy uh
which one of you two is
taller oh I guess they're getting back
to back huh they will not
stop
okay oh not by much I am not you want
your stilts back buddy I got those teeth
boots okay well which one is it are you
guys going to settle this stand here
forever it's you it's me yes I won for
once
it's your
shoes yeah I think you wear higher shoes
than me Madam well in general yeah I've
seen I've seen some high shoot someone
just turn this on yep I haven't screwed
the GPU in
yet I mean she's probably fine
sure oh man okay sure
jeez jeez yeah we we have we have we
have fun here have fun here have fun
here
when did that become a super toxic thing
to say was it always
hey dude I am is this number six am I
six for six six for six oh wait no wait
yeah yes two more i' it's kind of
turning into a blur not going to lie um
all my RGB on okay yeah that one was
quite a bit faster okay 36 minutes 30
seconds 36 minutes all right and bc7 go
go go go go I tried yeah all right all
right see you next nice job all right
good stuff should we go through some
merch messages while we switch over wait
did you take my did did did you did you
take this no I just moved
it I just moved it moved it and put your
fan on okay I'm sorry no I was just
wondering where my screw tray went I was
I was using the power supply packaging
as a screw tray uh anyway all right
thanks Tatiana okay
bye all
right it's Nick what up big dog so I saw
some speculation that there was no way
that I could actually have been cruel
enough to Blindside you with that secret
shopping LTT store.com video no you're
there was there was no way I could have
possibly been that cruel all fake
totally fake what would you what would
you have to say to to that accusation
he's crer than you
know no it was that was uh not the way I
wanted to spend what was that a Friday
afternoon I will say so thanks for that
um man I think it turned out okay it
wasn't perfect I thought that I thought
that we came out looking overall like we
have our heart in the right place and
like we are
improving and like we are committed to
almost an unhealthy degree to trans
parency
yep I think that is a fair assessment
and based on how sales are going for the
store this Black Friday Cyber Monday I'd
say people overall have pretty high
faith in the team and the store I agree
um but no it was absolutely real if you
guys didn't see it we did a video
recently secret shopping my own store I
think is the title or something along
those lines I paid people to secret shop
my store something yeah yeah you can you
can tell that it's burn turned into his
memory um I do a lot of videos I don't
know I forget some of them but the point
is that um Nick got brought onto set had
no idea what was going on they're
literally like don't look at the script
don't look at the script like all right
don't look at the
teleprompter and watch his team get an
honest third-party review from a handful
of of our of our of our community
members who I think really took the task
very seriously I think so I mean I think
there was even some feedback where
people were like oh this person was too
harsh and it's like no that was like
their job yes they were supposed to be
harsh yes they were harsh they were
that's why we asked them to be a part of
it right and in order to keep ourselves
honest we went out of our way to choose
members of the community that would have
a strong voice within the community if
we were anything other than completely
honest and transparent and uh and and
high integrity about the whole situation
cuz we could have easily secret shopped
our store by just hiring someone to
secret shop it and then provided us with
the results privately that would have
totally been a thing that we could do
but it wouldn't have been nearly as
entertaining yeah I don't think this
made the cut but like three or four
times throughout the entire video he was
like you know what this would be
stressful but I'm just having fun
watching you squirm and I was like cool
that feels good
it was
fun well the thing is I knew about the
concept but I didn't actually know any
of the results either so I was sitting
there like super stressed as well but it
just his reactions were just so
fun oh I couldn't help it it was so good
we have fun here yeah we yeah we yeah we
have fun here um all right Jordan what
am I supposed to be doing am I supposed
to guess anything are we playing any
guessing games way behind well yeah hit
me you got to interrupt and let me know
I'm sitting here stalling for time half
the time you're falling behind most I I
I built the last one in 27
minutes all right here we
go don't worry about it don't worry
about it who's who's counting who's
count I'm counting you asked me to count
all right let's uh getting your way back
machine here 2014
2015 which number is this uh number s
then all righty should I throw it up
bless
sure there you go oh well that's kind of
an easy one guess what video that was
that was our 4K gaming PC build guide so
that would have been our that would have
been our top viewed video that year yeah
2.1 million build guides what year was
it uh
20 I've already forgotten
145 so do you think you made that
thumbnail or do you think I made that
thumbnail oh put it back up again let me
see it was made in paint.net and we had
like a standard process I believe I did
that one yeah okay yeah I'm pretty sure
I did that one uh we didn't have like
any actual people who know how to use
Photoshop or anything that's just like
uh there's this oh man there's this site
something vandermoten something where
you can download a drop shadow plugin
for paint.net y and I just had like a
like a standard offset and standard blur
and I would just put text on top of a
screen grab from the video which was
like kind of fine because by then
Brandon was working here and doing nice
b-roll for our videos uh and that was it
that was that was our thumbnail design
we actually continued to use that for
the W show up until I guess a number of
months back I actually remade this exact
paint.net look in Photoshop amazing so
that it could stay consistent nice uh
and it's way more templ now so it's
easier to do rather than having to do
all of it manually every single
thumbnail and the reason the L show um
was done like that up until basically
now was because we never decided on a
title and thumbnail concept until right
as we were about to go live and by then
we couldn't count on anyone other than
me to be in office um until now we have
a producer for the show finally um so so
it had to be something that I could do
and with all the other stuff I have
going on I'm not going to learn
Photoshop anytime soon so well now it's
a template so you don't even have to you
just drop in a thumbnail and then type
in the text and you're done Dan you know
for a fact you know for a fact that if I
had to do it again for some reason I
would use paint.net there would be
probably a bigger problem if you ever
had to do it yeah probably it could come
up though you never know that's true you
never know are you looking at my
homework yeah are you cheating yeah
okay when do you think the last time I
built a PC
was like myself probably your gaming PC
so what was that oh good lord hold
on is that well the last gaming PC that
I built or the last the the gaming PC I
have now is a
39 50 60x 3900x 3900 X yeah and I didn't
build it okay but before that it would
you had a fourth or six1 I had
uh third gen third gen Intel okay did
Luke build that for you or did you build
that I think Luke built that for us oh
boy and so I I I think the last time I
built a PC from start to finish was like
second gen Intel okay so then this will
be a great test because for many years
Nick had to as part of his job watch all
of our videos because he would review
them for things like um if I said some
kind of joke that was too far over the
line or you know whatever else then
which happens he would come and be
like you shouldn't say that can't say
that I'd be like how dare you question
my authority okay Mom how dare you
question my
authority anyway sorry go on um I'm
interrupting so what we're going to find
out is as someone who has watched all
the build guides um probably not that 4K
one I think that predates you um but as
someone who has watched basically all
the build guides how useful are they
will he be a PC Building expert uh
should we do another I put my ram in the
right slot a couple shouts off the board
sure it is amazing what a draw like 4K
was as a as a keyword supposed to
tighten these down yet no like if I did
4K gaming PC yeah if I did you know 4K
gaming PC Today people'll be
like yeah so you mean like a gaming PC
you know it's
no one cares and build guides man build
guides every once in a while those
videos will perform like pretty good
like I think the the first person view
one that we did recently is finally
picking up but it started out as like
the worst performer that we'd uploaded
in months uh it's man it's really tough
even the um the last guide you'll ever
need series it's a series now I guess
cuz we did that second one um man that
when we uploaded or the updated
one like no one was watching it it's
tough because somehow we've got to make
it so that every video or at least as
many videos as possible are appealing
both to the folks who have been watching
us since those videos that we're showing
you guys and the folks who are tuning in
for the first time and have never built
a computer that is an
extremely difficult line to straddle um
making it accessible to newcomers and
also not completely boring to the folks
who've been doing this for a long time
it's not that we don't want to do more
basic PC tutorials and stuff it's just
that people give us a really hard time
when we do them it's like yeah who
doesn't know that it's just building
Legos like no it's not some people have
never built Lego before okay you talk a
lot huh Lego bricks don't cost $4,000
where's my job some of them do that's a
whole kit like one brick that's
fair uh all right Jordan do you want to
give us another one uh you're going to
do some shout outs here oh shout outs
right oh yeah uh now is a good time to
shout out patriot who sent over eight
kits of RAM for our builds here oh no
I'll steal mine um what am I what am I
looking at here these are DDR five kits
5600 megat transfers per second CL 36 uh
16 gig by 2 so these are 32 gig kits for
our intel-based systems over here big
shout out to them and everyone else Who
provided parts for the stream today they
are a big part of why we're able to
contribute so much to the local food
bank that we will be donating the
proceeds from these systems too we've
already sold all the systems so if
you're were hoping to buy one I'm afraid
it is too late but uh huge thank you to
everyone who did buy one of the systems
and huge thank you to everyone who
provided hardware for them so I'm
shouting out Patriot and also seic seic
you know that those guys are always in
when we're doing something cool
something wild and seic didn't hesitate
to send over six de of their focus GX
750 power supplies 80 plus gold
certified modular interface got all the
modern connectors for modern gpus be
they AMD be they Nvidia and a great
foundation for any gaming system thank
you seic for sending all of those over
all right let me get this out of my way
get this out of my way um Jordan do you
have any other stuff that I'm behind on
oh yeah all right let's uh go 2015 2016
top video what do you think okay top
video 2015 you might be able to remember
these ones now we're getting more
modern I think I know what 2017 was I'm
going to go with another build guide I'm
going to guess it's a build guide I'm
going to say it was a silent PC build
guide I don't think this was silent this
one's eight okay what am I at do I get
to see a thumbnail no oh have another
guess have another guess it's not silent
it's extremely not silent there is a
build involved though
extremely not silent many monies build
is involved lots of money any oh I think
I know what it is wait are we already up
to Gamers no that can't be right no yeah
it can't be no extremely not silent okay
you you guess that is it the first
compensator no oh no that was later I
don't know it might have been extreme
like maybe that's a bit
hyperbolic oh okay it's not a silent
build that's for sure not a silent build
but it's a build it's a build
yep dude I do not know our bat catalog
as well as I maybe thought that I did
shall I uh shall I show them yeah show
me show me the thumbnail show me the
thumbnail were you were right wait it
was seven Gamers seven Gamers really I
thought that was 2017 that was what I
was going to guess for 2017 really quiet
that was water cool knew it was January
I thought it was jary 2017 the
$30,000 gaming PC seven gamers1 that was
like the first video to ever get to a
million views in like a day in 24 hours
it was the first one to do that and you
know what's funny I had to as soon as
that video was done it had to be at CES
so I had to drive I forgot about that I
had to drive the
exploitive work
vehicle that we had at the time which
was a Suzuki blue Suzuki XL7 I think I
forgot about that it was so bad okay
another story with that do you remember
when I almost died on the Coca Hala
because I took that thing up when my
Grandpa died to his like funeral and it
was white out and the headlights were
misaligned so I was literally in the
left lane and the only way I stayed
alive on the drive was that I I could
see the barrier
so I was three and 1 half hours White
Knuckle on the exploitive caala highway
with not a good Highway with in the
winter headlamps going this way just
like anyway that's another story um I
think that was the year after or
something but um this time around I had
to drive that thing with the seven
Gamers one CPU with all seven monitors
which all barely barely fit Tetris style
into that Suzuki down 4 and 1 half hours
or something to the middle of um nowhere
Washington to do you remember who
brought it with to CS for
us wait someone did us like a huge solid
do you remember who it was
Kingston well they were the ones who
exhibited it oh no it was Bob and Rod so
I had to drive it down to Bob and cuz
they were driving to Vegas BS mods so
like 2 days before I drive this thing
down to Washington meet up with BS mods
drop off this crazy I think it was in a
Server Chassis wasn't it and there is no
way that you declared that properly when
you crossed the no no no I got hassled
on the way back well cuz I had to did I
have to bring it back no I got hassled
on the way down cuz the guy was like
what do you do you have like $30,000 of
computer components you're like
importing these and I was like no no no
no no it's just there for like an exib
and they somehow let me in so that was a
thing we have gotten very
very many times so that was like a 9h
hour like car trip um why did it fall on
you to do this again I don't remember
well I was probably heading down to the
show nobody else wanted to do it
basically I think so I was like all
right should be
fun that's just the stuff we did back in
the day man like oh man um I forgot
about that stupid XL7 dude what a what a
that's so it was my parents SUV oh yeah
it was it was I'm sure it was a nice car
at some some point not when we had it
yeah it was not it was better than
literally nothing which is was what we
had before that which truly it was
better than what we had before do you
remember how it hooked up to the um to
the running lights for our trailer that
we had at the time it just had that like
just like a Jank connector just had that
wire just like hanging out the back and
it was like you just hoped it hadn't
corroded so much that you couldn't put
it on anymore every time it was so bad
um I'm falling super behind we do things
like So Pro Now by comp 2016 17 then you
guys 2016 2017 so I'm going to go with
I'm going to go with mineral oh wait no
mineral oil PC was way before that yeah
no no no that was 2015 dude what is even
time I'm having a really hard time what
years 2016 2017 Y and I'll I'll give you
this the video came out August of 2017
in August August of 2017 November to
November yeah
was it eight Gamers no no that one
didn't do that well really that's why we
haven't really continued the concept
yeah that's true this one got uh 5.6
million views in the first year was it
the blowy matron who no no this would
have to be like uh this would have to be
like a like a mega Banger video to do
five million views yeah but I thought
the blaton did like remember when you
guys hooked it up in the conference room
yeah no that did like that did like
three or four yeah that one did pretty
good but five million views in the first
year
201 I don't even know I don't even know
what what is time yeah yeah what it's a
flat circle so number nine then okay
show me show me uh you're going to be
upset yeah okay what is it 16k
gaming with all the monitors of course
it was L that is a banger thumbnail like
I don't even think it's that good of a
video by today's standards like it's
kind of all over the place narratively
it's it's not very information dense um
I I'm I'm not convinced that you know
the whole higher and higher resolution
gaming thing um would have any legs
today but yeah that was an absolute
Banger and it goes to show you how the
the race to more KS mattered so much
back then like people cared and we're
talking about it two of our of our top
performers of the Year videos have been
gaming with some number of KS and in
fact I think we had an 8K gaming one
that would have probably been close to
some of these it was like second or
third one of the years with um what what
was that that was with 4 1080p monitors
and then tiling across them or something
like that yeah so the next year then is
a build so 2017 18 okay are we not are
have we not kept up with these that much
we're way behind on these oh my goodness
okay okay yeah next time just interrupt
just interrupt me cuz I really am a lot
of the time you've been doing lots of
things stalling for time just talking
yes 178 okay okay 2017 2018 6.4 million
views now we're getting into like modern
era um and I'll tell you it's a build
it's a
build this is tough because I um is that
how many videos are we up to like total
this will be 6,000 or something
something like that this is 10th year
yeah the number the number of times
these days that I someone will send me a
clip or a gif or a link to a video and I
watch it and I go fever dream I have no
recollection of this whatsoever that's
cuz we were sending you around the world
like on a moment's notice dud I it was
so ridiculous those were those were
crazy years it's a miracle I can
remember like any of was happening do
you remember the time you went to the
New York show I do that was the worst I
remember that very vividly was the worst
I literally found out right as we were
going to the airport to come home from
CES which is a very challenging week at
the best of times and back when I used
to make that many videos during CES it
was it was crazy I was basically Walking
Dead during CES um so I I got an offer
from Ford it's the other way to come do
like some sponsored content for them at
the New York struggling with this fan
and um what am I
doing I'm on the hand the other way yeah
okay so it goes like yeah yeah okay I
had okay and then you just stretch it
and then Under and Over Under And yeah
yeah yeah yeah just like that I just
wonky so they they they wanted me to
come down there to go to New York and do
some sponsored content I was like okay
when and they go next week whatever yeah
and I kind of go what so we we waffled
and waffled and waffled and things were
things were tough back then um you know
like we were basically every opportunity
that came in I was looking at it going
okay well like how much salaries does it
cover you know um and it was it was just
Instagram I think like we only had to
post like they didn't even post it uh no
no that that's a whole other thing we
posted our stuff but it was just like a
couple Instagram post we didn't even
have that many followers on Instagram I
was like are you sure you don't want
like a YouTube video or something
they're like no no Instagram okay um so
anyway so I like how you didn't even
notice what I'm using I had to oh chat
noticed oh Birch messages noticed we can
talk a little bit later about how that
is not happening yet you're in your last
minute here lonus so you maybe you don't
have updates but it's like we're working
on it okay well we can talk about that
later but anyway um so they they want us
to go and do this and um it turned out
that the way the trip had to work was
was for me to land in
Vancouver I ate one meal with my
family um and then I stayed at the
airport for a couple hours and boarded
my flight to New York you didn't even
leave the airport no I never I never
left the airport there was no SOB there
were it was so so stupid so dumb um but
hey I met hey you're welcome yeah yeah
the video we're talking about is
actually a travel video what wait what
sorry what with that many views how many
views 6.4 million in the first year
traveling and building traveling and
building oh was that strange Parts
Vlog let's go strange Parts Vlog yep yep
that was a banger that was a banger
video I don't know why it was a banger
video I was in such rough shape I was
over there for a thing for OnePlus and I
arranged
literally introduced myself to Scotty
who I'd never interacted with before
only knew from talking about his wild
iPhone experiments on the W show so
introduced myself to Scotty invited
myself to do a collab with him um we
coordinated a time to get together and
uh basically I came up with this concept
for the build which was that I was going
to try to build a PC in China using all
like you know Brands I'd never heard of
and then I got over there and I saw a
lot of comments on the video that I was
like such a jerk to Scotty the truth is
that I was just really stressed out
because what I realized partway into the
build was that there were no weird
brands or anything it was just all the
same stuff so I was just building a PC
building a computer and uh it ended up
taking all day because I wasted a bunch
of time trying to find like a unique
angle to the build or something and
there ultimately wasn't one and so you
can actually tell at the end of the
video that I'm like in a Public Square
at night finish ing building the
computer because the mall was like
closed you help me drop this in I just
don't want to screw it up oops thanks um
here yeah yeah sure I uh anyway the
point is uh yeah Scotty was um an
amazing host uh we had a lot of fun and
uh we can't do this yet because there's
no way that these eight pins are going
to get plugged in if you put it all the
way in first it's better to do this now
and uh more you know
yeah I was just super stressed because I
really needed to get a video done I
didn't want to go all the way there and
like waste his time and not even like do
a video together um and I just didn't
think that I didn't think there was
going to be a video and then it became
the biggest video of the year and then
it became the biggest video of the year
who can even hilarious who can even tell
sometimes like what's going to resonate
with people um there was another collab
I was supposed to do while I was over
there that I am ultimately really glad
that I didn't do um but yeah Scotty the
Scotty collab was uh was pretty great a
lot of fun um well sort of fun it was
fun when it was over and uh you guys
liked it that was the fun part
everything else was actually not really
fun about making that video uh oh I
would plug in your oh dang it Nick sorry
I would plug in your CPU Cooler too all
right where is it ah ouch Dam sorry
sometimes my elbow does that oh you're
good um so your next one was not a build
okay was this 2018 189
20189 7.3 million views recent 7.3 18 19
more of a review I would say a review
that got 7 million views what kind of
review gets 7 million views had to be in
you tell me you made it I mean had to be
in video
right
um had to be like some kind of like
really like wacky product or something
well November 18 to November 19 we're
talking yes yeah this was from December
2018 December
review that can't be in video no you're
over your time by the way you want to
finish here we can move on to the next
one oh sorry um no let's not let him
Escape before he tells us more about the
transparent screwdriver that's true uh
you know what I give up I don't even
know what the point of me trying to
guess these is because I have 280 tie
yep it's a uh Walmart gaming PC Walmart
gaming PC was that that long ago yeah
man end of
2018 what you might be getting old oh
man that was six years ago yep okay I
can tell you the next year already I'm
pretty sure that was the wish you're
correct wish PC okay M okay I'm back on
what's the next one I'm back on track
after the wish
PC am I supposed to keep just leave it
uh you can keep going until he's done
and then he'll move over and build the
next
victim nope it's not happening all right
no sneeze I guess I don't get a sneeze
um no sneeze for you was it Rog rig
reboot uh no but it is like a upgrade
kind of thing an upgrade was it the
first extreme
upgrade oh yeah and was it was it an
Intel extreme upgrade yep Dennis okay
Dennis's Intel extreme upgrade yeah I'm
not going to screw anything more up dud
that has like 9 million views or
something stupid like that or does it no
I don't think it does 66 I think was the
first year both 6 million in the first
year that's crazy like one of my okay
hold on Nick before you go away show us
the screwdriver you were building with
and explain yourself what what's going
on here sir this is our clear
transparent screwdriver hypothetical LTT
store.com it's a lot of sunk dollars if
we don't actually make it um so we've
had a lot of challenges making this
clear plastic work uh for one we started
with a different type of clear plastic
got further in development and then
realized that it wasn't going to be
suitable for all of the scenarios that
we needed to be suitable for so instead
of just being like ah screw it it'll be
fine we decided nope we have to go back
to the drawing board and make it work um
we've had some small difficulties with
getting it across the line I'm trying to
even see where the imperfection Here We
Go There It Is so if you can zoom in on
that Andy that little Mark there is the
reason that the clear screwdriver is not
on the market today Kyle has another
thing that he doesn't like about it too
I can show them oh okay yeah so
basically we're having some challenges
with the mold flow of the Plastics
within the molds that we use today cuz
there are crossover molds between what
we use in our regular ABS nylon blend
for the black and all the other colors
just SC drivers that we make uh as well
as this clear and it's required quite a
bit of mold development to actually make
that work we are very very close so that
line is caused by the plastic separating
and then coming together well it's that
it starts to cool a little bit as it's
coming together so you see that seam
whereas if it's total molten plastic
it'll just meld together if it's coming
together and cooling at the same time
then you get what they call a weld line
um which is where the two two paths to
plastic meet together um small things
but that's the level of detail we want
to go to and that's the level of detail
that we understand that our expect our
uh customers have come to expect from us
For Better or For Worse um and honestly
sometimes it's a big part of the reason
that you guys don't get more products
that you would probably mostly really
like because we just look at it and we
go like well if we can't do it great
then we're just not going to do it and
we're getting better we're getting
better at our product development
timelines we're getting better at
tracking the process throughout we're
getting better at planning these things
and and I think as you come into 2025
2026 especially in 2027 it's going to be
like a very well oiled machine it's just
taking us some time to get there the
business has grown in a really uneven
way like for a while we were a water
bottle company yeah and then we were a
desk Pad Company and first we were a
t-shirt company and then we weren't sure
what we were doing t-shirt and then we
we bet we basically took everything and
more bet it on black and bet it hard
black screwdrivers and black backpacks
on the screwdriver and the backpack and
then we had all this Revenue like like
we had an incredible year like the kind
of year that you have as a company and
you just go well there's no point trying
to beat this
um and then we were just kind of trying
to you still try figure out yeah trying
to figure out okay well like no
seriously okay we can't just we can't
just ride these products forever how do
how do we what's the next step you know
what investing in new people investing
in New processes investing in new
equipment like there's a whole reason
that we have I don't know let's call it
low six figures of prototyping equipment
that the engineering team uses between
SLS printers SLA printers ton of
standard printers um don't forget we
have our old Tatiana's toys she was just
here we have our own injection molder
that we are learning to use we have you
know uh what is it called the C is it
CMM like the super precise measurement
tool that we bought nothing super cool
we should probably do another video
about like maybe a float plane exclusive
yeah um but yeah we have a lot of really
cool stuff that allows us to get better
at our product development now and we're
working on processes that'll make us
better as a product development company
and just want to deliver the best we can
for you guys and the best way to support
that you know what I'm going here comes
the pitch yeah yeah yeah I'm trying to
plug something in going is to buy some
Black Friday stuff yeah because if we
sell more on Black Friday the best way
to support that is to
wait until black Friday's over and buy
stuff at
regular yeah no no I'm kidding I'm
kidding I'm kidding also you want to get
a good deal and support that then you
should buy dur Black Friday yes and for
those who are asking yes we have mod
mats coming soon they should be out next
month um yes we have Precision bit sets
coming back soon that was just well
beyond any expectation that we could
ever have when we launched with that
um I think we had assumed hey probably
half the people are going to want to buy
a bit set cuz most everybody's going to
have a bit set and they just want to
have like a cool driver that's an
upgrade with the hybrid ceramic bearing
and the bit starage it's so cool and
like that's cool and then you were all
like forget the nice build quality and
you were all like give me the bit set
too and then we were like okay now we
don't have anymore so it takes time it
takes time and when you're making when
you're making your own products but like
actually making your own products yeah
you can't just like it's not just like
oh it'll be ready in a week more it's
like oh it'll be ready in 60 days
because here's the thing oh hey this one
shipping dude I am seven for seven today
let's go seven seven luses one PC and at
the volume the volume that we're
producing things 3333 3333 I was giving
this guy a hard time um about not having
uh bit sets for the regular screwdriver
and stuff and I was like well like come
on how could it take that long to get
this there was a particular one and
Nick's like okay well let me put it this
way every pack is how many is in a pack
six 12 12 12 every pack is 12 bits okay
so you want to order 20,000 packs so
that's a quarter
million qu million things you're right
whatever the point is just like to make
this is nothing yeah to make it a
quarter million times like you can't
y like we're we're in a really weird in
between where we're too small to like
have our own
Factory but we're too big to necessarily
just like you know have someone be like
oh yeah I'll slip you in between my
other orders and to be fair most of the
companies that you would think are big
enough to have their own Factory likely
don't yeah they just have better
negotiating power stronger relationships
you know uh preferential treatment
online Time stuff like having you know
their own they own their own production
to some extent yes um but we're getting
better I mean we've made a lot of
changes over the last year and a half
and bringing in new people who have a
lot of expertise in areas that we didn't
before and just takes time we're getting
better we're implementing these
processes good progress you actually did
not too bad I think middle of the road
middle of the road well we got
distracted talking about you know Suzuki
XL7
bidness all right time for my last build
partner hi are you going to carry this
last one cuz I'm tired um I don't know
about that I don't think I've built
enough computers to carry this I can
carry you uh oh what are you doing over
here well what do you mean uh you're
going to want to put your CPU on the
motherboard and stuff before you put the
motherboard in the case why um cuz it's
going to be well I mean yeah
actually you know what what whatever
you'd like I like your hair it looks
nice have it um L should we start
banging off some merch messages here we
got a bunch to get through let me get
completely caught up on Jordan stuff and
absolutely let's let's get some merch
messages going I think this is all Ivon
stuff I'm finally on the last system uh
before I do that I took this bit away
where did what screwdriver did I take
this bit out of whoa it was already on
the table it was already on the table it
might be from mine that Deon has uh okay
well it's wait what um okay sure is it a
small hex it's no oh man I can tell
you're bad
deodorant today
burn everyone else is played enough to
say nothing but no no not my wife um no
it's fine probably had it coming that we
have an honest and open relationship yes
yes no matter what no matter what yes
say you have an open
relationship that's not
interesting I mean this is good to know
um
I don't what's up what's up
1% I don't think it'll matter if you
don't even wear
deodorant a very good
point yeah I'll be lucky to get be
getting any from like people who have to
contractually um actually that isn't in
the marriage contract is it no it's not
rats they really should fix
that okay what are we talking about all
right Jordan you were going to hit me
with some more guess which was the video
you got three left here okay all right
you got to remember these ones it's
pretty recent okay so we have uh 2021
and 22 yeah uh 6.4 million
views from February of
22 February of 22 uh that's all you're
giving me that's all I'm going to give
you right now um there's a brand in the
title there's a brand in the title oh
maybe it's another like all something
build oh one of them did like
crazy numbers is it the all Rog build no
sir all aorus build no is it a
stream no oh I don't know then I don't
know I'm so I'm so fried at this GPU
what is it it's about a GPU it's about a
GPU Oh I thought Dan was giving me a
hint he's just showing me a live feed of
myself right now show you your fail oh
okay um
about a
GPU can I interrupt your train of
thought I mean sure who cares at this
point there's barely a trade at this
point what kind of build is is this is
this the kind of build where we're
putting in every single screw or
like look I I've been through all of
them with him so I just need to know
someone bought it for
$600 okay okay I'm putting in every
screw it is actually going to ship to an
actual customer okay um and and what's
cool is the parts were actually donated
uh I think our last shout out is for
thermal take and colorful uh thermal
sent over eight cases and colorful sent
over a couple of gpus uh which were the
colorful GP I they were the last couple
7800s you had the last couple 7800s so
7800 XTS incredibly generous everyone
who contributed Parts because we told
everyone hey we're we're going to be
donating the profits um so if we had to
buy all the stuff ourselves then it was
going to be a lot less and our partners
leapt into action and provided us with
almost every single part you guys have
seen today whether they're from our
Hardware Partners or java. G um so we
are going to be donating over
20,000 um I believe that's US dollars
right that's correct over $20,000 us to
one of our local food banks um which is
pretty exciting
um what was I talking about final clue
inid video card Nvidia
Nidia oh was it the was it the 3090 the
8K gaming the sponsored video nope a
dang it okay I don't know then give him
a thumbnail then uh number 14 oh the
mining GPU no wait no that wasn't the
mining one that was uh some sort the
what now a100 yeah yeah yeah yeah what
was the title it was like Nvidia
wouldn't send me their fastest GPU that
was a good title
of absolute Brilliance that title
honestly sometimes that matters more
than the content of the video in terms
of getting views on the platform if you
just have like
oh CP down here your next one is real
click baity okay it's real clickbaity
wow that really narrows it down yeah
really right uh
2223 uh from May of
23 okay 6.8 million views in the first
year 6.8 million click baity huh
and a pretty static video if I remember
right static video oh electroboom collab
oh that's a good can can static kill
your PC is that it not not static in
that way static is not moving not
moving do you have any ideas no I don't
I mean I can't even get this screw in
what's going on yeah that's usually my
job to put together computers okay help
me put together computers why why is
this going what were you thinking Dan
what were you thinking Dan I'm not paid
to think I'm sorry
sir help me you're doing a very good job
uh oh you cross threaded it oh it's the
wrong screw what okay so this is
actually such a common error for novice
Builders oh sorry one um there's two
threadings there's M3 and there's 632
and depending on the manufacturer and
sometimes even depending on the case
within their lineup uh you'll they'll
use a different threading for the
motherboard standoffs it's the one screw
in the PC that is not standard okay but
why did all these ones go in because you
used different screws you used M3 screws
they look exactly the same they don't
why are you taking those ones out if
they because they all have to come out
because now that you've cross threaded
it um it is stuck in the standoff and
when you tried to unscrew it you
unscrewed the standoff underneath I see
so the whole thing has to come ma'am I
can smell myself
now is it these ones I'm glad that it's
I'm glad glad that it's you cuz why do I
always get shoted well no
I I mean yeah considering how open
things are why is it
[Music]
uh sorry um no I'm just saying because
you know I I would because I don't have
to hide anything from you because we
know we're honest and honest and open um
and it's it's just it's less
embarrassing you've seen me at my worst
already there we go so we just got to
get
okay so I'll show you the difference now
please oh one of these was also wrong so
I don't know what happened there but see
how one is a button head okay so you got
a button head screw well there three in
this pack yeah one of them is a button
head with a little like circular order
thing and see how the threading is
different yep I see that now y so you
want these M3 threaded ones for this
particular case if you'd been building
one of the systems earlier you would
have been using 32 for the motherboard
tray because the industry just didn't
think it was necessary to standardize
that I mean honestly it's a miracle that
they can agree on as many things as they
do agree
on um okay wait and before you put that
back down did I have the right ones
coming out the right uh the right cables
and stuff the ones that connect to the
motherboard that's a good question I
this one was coming out this way I love
the way you're thinking you know about
like having the right things you know
pre-run and everything I don't know if
you've got them right but I love that
you're trying to get them right that's
um that's pretty
cool most most inexperienced Builders do
not consider those sorts of things but
po Von builds computers with me so she
knows that if we don't sort of run it
the way that I'm just takes extra long
particular redo
everything yes that that that thing she
said that um I can't uh push back on I
know this should this should stay back
there uh there's a couple that you're
missing for down at the bottom but it
doesn't matter oh we're just going to
take off this peel this is a little
easier to get off now all right I I just
building both of these computers is that
is that what's happening no you can just
direct me just tell me what to do okay
all right well I can put this in now
that I know that okay so I'm using the
one that has the ridge or the rim around
it yeah okay yeah all right it's that
kind of
job she doesn't know what things are so
I don't know what you're talking about
get away with all s all sorts of stuff
help me all right absolutely not she's
still she's
still it was honestly one of the things
I liked so much about her she was like a
a private school kid and um who whoa
okay that very naive that has some
seriously negative connotations there I
just mean you didn't have you know no I
mean I mean beyond the a lot of
experience in the world um I feel like
with private school kids it can go a
number of different ways though that's
true that's true she wasn't the skanky
kind of private school kid thanks well
no I thought that's what you I thought
that's what you were trying to avoid uh
who brought me a bucket of standoffs I
do not need this oh that was me I
thought I thought you might have
destroyed one of them no no it's fine
thanks it's just stuck in there okay
that also implies that I was you know a
rich spoiled brat oh not a rich not a
rich private school kid we both grew up
um not not privileged um yeah I remember
when I was young my parents used us to
we used to share a home with my cousins
and we didn't have washing machines or
dryers and we used to wash our clothes
in the bathtub and hang them out to dry
I feel like that taught us a lot about
how to work hard yep uh don't don't
forget that you slept in the car while
your parents did their nighttime paper
root y um this one time we were in the
car and my sister and I were like oh
wouldn't it be fun to see what it does
if we release the emergency break on a
hill so I think we were 10 and we were
rolling down on the hill that was
terrifying yeah I don't know if we slept
in the car again after
that um yeah any who
um what were we talking about uh Jordan
do you have
any guing here just tell me which one it
is I don't care anymore you were
stepping down it's time what's time oh
stepping down as CEO of the company can
you believe taran's been here two years
wait what I have no concept of time that
that was May of 23 so not quite two
years okay two one and a half sorry okay
still the final video then was from
December of last year oh yeah it's um
what was our oh wait what December of
last year 8.5 million
what December of last year 8 and half
million sorry thank you I didn't even
think we had any like 8 and a half
million Mega bangers that recently I
don't even know just just tell me that
was your TCL
x1g all right yeah the world's biggest
TV I still love that thing I ultimately
even though the high sense has the edge
in some ways I ultimately kept the TCL
the accounting was a little less
complicated um fun fact by the way I
just just confirmed this with the
planning committee the high sense will
be at the Christmas party this
year wow the 110 inch TV is gonna be at
the Christmas is not a small box to deal
with y'all good seriously that's your
reaction to that where am I going to put
110 TV well I don't know don't you have
a wall I do have walls don't you have a
ceiling put it on the ceiling who cares
it's 110in TV let's go that would be
pretty cool Andy you going to put in any
tickets one you're going to put in one
and hope for the best that's how I won
the uh one more sub
sh yeah and Andy want a crazy massage
chair like I think that thing was worth
as much as a car yeah
$5,000 something like that 15,000 dude
if you win another like ultimate grand
prize with one stupid ticket people are
going to call Shenanigans like there's
no way there is no way oh do you want
are you going to MC the Christmas party
this year or should I get gold to do it
oh I assumed I would be MC but I I guess
technically there's no reason that I
have to be I don't know it's up to you
yeah yeah I'll do it sure yeah I mean if
he like really wants to do it then
that's that's fine I'm not going to I
think everyone assumed you were going to
do it but I just wanted to double check
yeah I'll do it
um am I missing a fan still oh yeah
there it
[Applause]
is how's your build going okay I got the
that fan out because I couldn't get the
um I couldn't get it in
oh oh okay okay now before I put it back
other way yeah that's what I wanted to
check okay so this way yes okay and
which way do you want the wires I think
the question is which way do you want
the wires this way I would go so that
you have
a a little bit more slack okay there you
go see this is why I ask these things I
know I
know I'm oh sorry I'm super easy to be
married
to I actually don't know how you work on
this table it's really
tall I'm having a hard
time really my own wife my own wife with
the short jokes I see how it is I see
how it
is uh oh oh I was like oh no I put the
thermal compound away nope I was still
holding it all right let's put this on
oop man this is quite a bit more
challenging build you you you unlocked
out the the one we were doing earlier
the AMD build was a little bit easier
what makes this one hard uh it's just a
little tighter to work in yeah yeah I
mean you're like right in my way
I and I have to do this left-handed I
have less of the I mean you're okay with
your left
hand not
great but okay I'm
practicing practicing
screwing oh man how about some merch
messages that that sound like a good
idea it's great working with Ivonne cuz
like I can get it I can get it out of my
system you know it's like uh the things
that I can't say to literally anyone
else it's it's good I can't make those
jokes oh man okay yeah uh Jordan is that
all you have for like guessing games and
stuff are we are we on to Dan is he able
to do some merch messages go to Dan I
mean realistically most of the people
having merch messages Red probably left
them like 3 hours ago probably yeah were
we going to do those like top five or
anything like that are people still
enjoying this not worried about that are
they still into it
Dan I think so all right cool yeah we
still got some viewers hey thanks for
tuning in today you guys really
appreciate you all right hit me Dan J
thing hey lmg just moved out and
straight into the big city what advice
would you give to a young person living
in Vancouver don't live in Vancouver I'm
so sorry yeah is it too late is not
affordable move elsewhere yeah I mean
there's a reason that he and I settled
in Su and it's not because Siri smells
so
good don't take oh man no see we're
trying to get in good with the city of
Sir right now okay uh if anyone from the
city of Siri is watching our
agricultural industry is important
agriculture is the backbone of a
functioning Society Etc um it just
doesn't smell good that's all that's all
uh man there was a day what was it a
couple weeks ago when the man the
business Disneyland upstairs was like
uninhabitable it was it was I don't know
what kind of poop they were spreading in
the fields nearby but it the animal it
came out of was not healthy not a
healthy
animal that being said they said that um
the population in the city of su is
going to overtake Vancouver in the next
5 years so they're working on making sui
much more of a
city they want to call it Metro Siri not
Metro Vancouver that's their goal okay
that is I'm paraphrasing atrocity that's
ambitious well I mean they've made a lot
of progress have you seen like Sur
Central like when we moved in my parents
used to live on the corner of King
George and there used to be um I joked
with Ivon that if she didn't put out
then I'd have other options on my way
home that's a good joke and now there's
like there's just so much more
development going in like the SFU is
there I think the um which is a univ a
local University or college I always
forget that people don't know um and
then there's another University that's
going in like the medical program is
going in there next to the hospital uh
City Hall had they' built this like
crazy extravagant building they've
upgraded them all it's just completely
different y um but traffic also sucks
now yeah call me when you have a hockey
team I mean realistically that's what
makes a Canadian city a real city um
there's no parking ride take that City
got them okay wait wait come help me
where kid nothing against Quebec City
I've only been there once and I like
drove that's too many times don't know
anything about Quebec City where do
these go hi um those go nowhere oh I
don't so this one is she's trying to
figure out RGB wiring which is it's a
nightmare uh so this one right here the
female one uh is going to go into one of
these and then all the rest of them are
going to daisy chain into this one and
then the very end one that has these
metal contacts sticking off it you're
going to make sure it has one of these
covers cuz otherwise if it accidentally
touches any metal it'll um it'll short
and it'll maybe cause a fire okay wait
so why did you have this coming out the
top cuz now it won't go down I asked you
what on you want to com out and I I
think oh oh no you put it in like that
what do you mean in like that you get
that in there I didn't I I asked you oh
I see um now to take this out don't I no
no you could probably take one of the
ones down here plug it in here and then
run the daisy chain up to here and then
just I don't know Jam back here or
something what hilarious yeah that'll
work okay yeah just daisy chain to that
one instead of from that one and then
you're you're you're g to g you're fine
everything's fine everything's good uh
oh I plugged in my power connectors but
I haven't plugged in my fans yet so I'm
just going to go ahead and do that Dan
hit me hi lonus I recently bought a un
hi Dan
reference 7900 XTX and notice the VR
temperatures reached 98c while gaming
and 106 on furmark should I be concerned
I would get a little bit more
ventilation in your case uh
theoretically it's not going to kill it
probably but I would I would probably
get a little bit more ventilation in
your case
yeah hey lonus wanted to ask if you have
any opinions on the vajaro Arrow VR
headset I still need to try it they sent
us one like a thousand years ago and I
it's been sitting there begging me to
try it along with a bunch of other cool
VR stuff that I want to check out
um I still have the wireless uh index
adapter that I I have spent several
hours trying to get working and I got as
far as booking a consultation with their
Tech Team to like help me fix because I
just could not figure it out um and then
I had something catastrophic happen oh
my sister died um and so I missed my
appointment and then I just like was not
not into it for a bit and I just put
somewhere and so now that it's out of
sight it's out of mind so I need to do
that and then once I have that done I
want to check out the jaro varo arrow or
whatever it is they also sent over one
of their other ones they look super cool
but I've just been a little behind on my
VR stuff because the reality of it is
usually these days when I have time to
use VR I just kind of want it to work
and so I've just been using my index
because it just mostly just works
um I think it's like I think it's an
aging thing I think I'm just like
getting old and I just want things to
work when I uh when I finally have a
minute to sit down you know I don't know
do you feel the same way about it yeah
but I don't know if that's aging or
being burnt out or both oh oh we're
talking about this really live okay
she's been telling me I should take a
sabatical for like years not a years
long sabatical like she's been telling
me that I should take a sabatical um
what if you just took Mondays off well
see I tried that and
then just when you try and get out they
suck you back in I hardly ever actually
get Monday off I theoretically I have
Mondays off and then it I think it
turned into a work from home turned into
Monday's work from home and then and
then sometimes I come
in I managed to get have most of
yesterday off which was nice um but I
don't know it's just one of those things
like you hear Nick talking about you
know what it was like back in those days
days and it's just been it's been go go
go grow grow grow um all this time and
uh she's right um you know that's the
thing about your better half is they
tend to be right about things just I'm
I'm tired but it's um it doesn't feel
like it's it doesn't feel like it's in a
place where I can just kind of like walk
away and Let It Go autopilot for a while
without something screwing up
catastrophically so it's hard to
speaking of screwing up catastrophically
can you just make sure that was a nice
segue I like
that nice that was a pathetic high five
though um this way yes that looks good
just put in the CPU nice nice no no you
got to push it down a little more that
that thing's got to hold down the other
yeah there you go okay yeah yeah it
sounds bad but it's good it's a good
thing lonus have you ever dropped one of
your kids Christmas gifts I don't think
so have I have I ever like broken one of
the kids Christmas presents I don't I
don't think so I mean I almost screwed
up I felt like I was screwing up
assembling that trampoline remember that
when we did it in dark yeah that was not
the greatest I don't know I don't know
what I was thinking you didn't drop
anything wait was that Christmas um it
was wasn't it it was cold think so yeah
yeah I don't know why we were installing
it during Christmas but yeah well
because we want because no it was my
stupid idea I wanted to them to like
wake up and see it in the morning like
magic magic Santa assembled a a
trampoline in our backyard even though I
mean never mind that it was December
well that's exactly weren't going to
jump on it for 4 months or whatever but
um I don't know you know what I wouldn't
undo it I wouldn't undo it totally worth
it hello from Ireland oh sorry no sorry
I just remember us being so angry I was
so mad at lus it was so cold and it
required so much strength cuz I think we
just didn't know how what we were doing
I think we hired somebody when we moved
the trampoline to install it correctly
and he was so fast with one person he
did it in like less than an hour and it
took the two of us like three hours to
assemble it the first time it's one of
those Springfree ones um really nice
really nice trampoline very happy with
it but um not the easiest to install if
you've never done it
before hit me Dan hello from Ireland
hello Ireland what's up where do you
recommend for making cool argb lighting
patterns shout out to Borna from work
for going in with me on screwdriver
shipping uh I don't know I use signal
RGB on my computer at at work because I
have that NC sign PC so I just have like
those really long strips and Signal RGB
works for that and other than that I
have to confess that I don't give too
many Hoots about what my RGB patterns
look like so I have never really cared
um that's where I'm at on that I'm very
sorry if that's not what you wanted to
hear but congratulations on uh um saving
on
shipping hey LT uh you talked about
being too well known to do scrapyard
Wars would going in another province
with a different language help with that
like doing it in Montreal maybe Ivon and
I were talking about this just last
night and she was kind of talking about
uh how it's impossible for me to go
anywhere in Vancouver at this point
without uh well I shouldn't say anywhere
if I went to like um you know I was
about to say if I went to like a
crafting supplies store but we totally
got recognized we did at a crafting
supplies store yesterday obviously it
was by a you know young awkward man um
um no offense wait wait wait Sor I think
he knew he was a little awkward do you
want black or gr surprise gray okay um
you know our demographic basically but
like if we go somewhere where our
demographic is not really present then
yeah there's a there's a good chance
that um that no one will recognize me
but if I go somewhere like an electronic
store or whatever else then the odds are
are extremely slim like it was a miracle
that that guy in the Taiwan Tech mall I
didn't know who I was he actually posted
later that he totally watches the
channel he just like I don't know maybe
he just all white people look the same
to him or something why would you be in
Taiwan in his shop yeah exactly a
billion years and you know what I
totally have the same thing where no
matter how well I know someone if I see
them in the wrong
context super important I've got nothing
like I literally when I was a kid I saw
my teacher at the grocery store once
this is someone I spent 6 hours a day
with 5 days a week didn't recognize her
it took me
like a while to recognize her I've had
relatives that I've run into like just
on the sidewalk and I have not
recognized them until they recognized me
and like said something like it's it's
100% a thing for me so I yeah I 100% can
relate I get it um but anyway we were
talking about it and I honestly don't
think it was any better what I don't
think it would be any better like what I
brought up to her
was back when we went back to visit her
family in um in Southeast Asia and this
was this is when our our kid was two so
okay I try not to get too granular on
the ages so sometime in the mid
2020s um sometime back then I was in
Malaysia at a restaurant and Buddy comes
up and is like oh your LT U you know can
I get a selfie or whatever I don't think
selfies were as much of a thing yet but
basically like oh I watch your videos
you know whatever um and so like how do
I how do I say this without it like I'm
not trying I'm not trying to brag or
anything that's not that's not the point
but within the like young man
demographic I don't think it's going to
make a difference
um and like the thing about the thing
about Quebec
is that even though it is a french-
speaking territory or whatever Province
um not territory that's technically a
different thing here uh even though it's
a french-speaking region uh a lot of
people especially in the urban centers
where there'd be any good you know
scrapyard Waring a lot of them speak
English anyway and will watch english-
speaking content there is a really good
frankophone Tech scene so they don't
have to watch english- speaking content
but a lot of them do and part of it is
um improving their English
so yeah I don't think it would help cool
idea though I'd be down to do it where
we have to speak French the whole time
I'd be at such an advantage because the
most French thing about Luke is his last
name that's it that's all he's got I
don't think he speaks a word of
French hit me Dan sure I got about 11 to
go wow okay with the crowd strike
breaking computers earlier this year and
Microsoft 365 being offline for most of
yesterday what software if any could be
used in the place of software as of
service I don't know because a lot of
the software that we used to rely on
instead of software as a surface has
just been replaced it's been it's it was
software that was from these same
companies who now no longer offer a buy
once cry once option it's it's extremely
frustrating and I don't
know I don't not I don't know how to
solve it I'm not I know how to solve it
they just need to like stop doing that
but I'm not in a position where I have
any power to force anybody to do that
um I think it's something that I think
it's something that as an
industry not as an industry as
Industries whether it's like media
industry
or oil and gas resource exploration
industry or whatever as Industries we're
going to have to come together and
figure out tools that we can use that
are not reliant on on this stuff and we
we haven't and I guess in a way we kind
of uh we kind of have ourselves to blame
as well um if we if we allow these these
these tool makers these these software
developers to sort of Bend us over a
barrel like this and I guess
that's kind of on us at least to a
degree come help me oh what's up there's
no instruction manual so which way do
these go on oh sure uh oh it's down
there it just fell out oh yeah okay cool
well first you're going to need the
spacers spacers M you need the blue
spacers so basically what you'll do is
you'll hold this on they used to come
with adhesive on a lot of the AI water
cooling kits and stuff but they don't
anymore so you'll hold this on and then
you'll put all your blue spacers on and
then you will put these on uh like this
right like that okay and then like that
on the other side so the curve out and
then do I put these blue washers on or
screws or whatever those are called then
you put the black screws on top okay so
here why don't you do one to completion
cuz that'll hold the back plate in
place I'll just I'll hold this for you I
mean it's not like I have to build a
computer to or anything yeah I mean you
can't leave till I'm done so oh this
actually I can we drove separately today
oh dang
it but but I wouldn't that means I can
leave without you too yeah but you're
not done your computer
all right there you go there you go yeah
I think this is your other one here yeah
thanks okay what am I what am I even
working oh I got to get my power supply
in okay hit me Dan just got an s90d qo
Leed why did Samsung have to put the
bonad dong conve amount all the way at
the bottom of the
TV that's a funny thing a good question
I've stopped making fun of it because
I'm just used to it now I guess but back
when LG did their first few generations
of oleds um it was right on the heels it
was it was coming up into the brightness
War the brightness War hadn't really
started yet um and it was it was right
off the heels of the um I think we were
in the midst of the number of K's war
and we were coming off of the thinness
war and LG would have this ridiculous
marketing for their early oleds uh
boasting that they were just 4
millimeters thin or whatever but it
would be you know along the top and then
they'd have this giant Caboose at the
bottom so it's not like you can get it
any closer to the wall that is until
they did their Gallery Series I'm
talking about the earlier ones and I
remember making fun of it back then and
then I just kind of forgot about the
Ridiculousness of it um but no you're
100% right it's hilarious to kind of
Market your TV as that much thinner when
actually at the thickest point it's not
really thinner at all and I don't have a
solution to that other than to say
Samsung why are you so
silly that's all I got hey speaking of
Samsung um dude This TV has turned so
many heads I was freaking out about this
the other week so this is high senses
like kind of knockoff of the um of the
Samsung frame what they call it canvas
yeah uh it's the high sense canvas this
thing dude I want this thing so bad hey
Von remember in the living room how we
uh we had them put those recess power
outlets where the previous owner had
those like art illumination lights y I
want to I want to get once these get a
little cheaper I want to get two of
these and put them there because this is
incredible dude you haven't seen this
yet I don't think but man they nailed it
they nailed the look I think we got this
for a short so we never even like made a
full video about it or anything it has
the has the magnetic um interchangeable
things on it just like the Samsung frame
one does uh I don't actually know how to
put the gallery on down yeah yeah I
assume somewhere in here or something
art mode there we go
okay man they nailed the Finish they
nailed the illumination so
Ivonne check this out you should get get
her side does that not just look like a
painting yeah it does I don't like the
frame but yeah it does oh it's
interchangeable okay but like oh
shoot sorry you distracted me and I
dropped the screen it just looks like a
painting it's I it's m it blew my mind
and like it is back lit and if if you
catch a light directly it'll have glare
on it and like stuff like it's still a
TV but they just and the viewing angles
aren't perfect but compared to
everything else that I've seen they just
nailed it I don't know how to if you go
left and right it should there we go
it's so good it is so good yeah it like
really manages to by by being this flat
and by doing a good job of I guess
ambient light sensing or something I
don't know I don't even know I like I
said I I didn't even work on a video for
it or anything but uh it just does a
really good job of seeming like it's
just naturally lit I don't know it's
really cool TV and what's funny is like
you don't think about this until you go
to actually shop for it but buying an
art you know like going to a gallery and
and buying art is so expensive
like it would actually cost if we wanted
to get like a good one or something like
it would actually cost as much if not
more to buy a nice frame and a nice art
to put on the wall and compared to the
TV I just put a TV in there and I have
whatever art I want even just the frame
would probably cost as much as that TV I
know is such a horrible like Bonkers
Tech bro way to think about it but I
just I don't know seems very practical
to me so yeah I I want two of those
actually okay which means that we can
put that Michael thing downstairs
instead of having it above the piano and
then we don't have to come up with
anything else to put there sure you can
do that as long as you help me put this
in oh okay uh oh okay here's your
problem what uh this fan needs to come
off oh yeah they ship it with it on just
to save space in the package and I guess
to like show you how it works because
you're going to have to put the other
one on for yourself anyway um but it
just goes like this there you go and
then you screw those see those screws
that you can now see y yeah you screwed
those in okay why doesn't this come with
instructions probably when the systems
were prepped uh someone missplaced them
story of my
life like why did someone you know lose
this I'm yeah I don't know a it's a
really good question you know what the
reality of it is people are for the most
part doing their best and uh you know
stuff happens I mean there's no way that
I have perfectly kept track of every
little piece of everything that I've had
out today so I'm not going to judge
today not today um and there was there
were a lot of systems to prep and look
at poor Jordan over there look how tired
he
looks do you stink as bad as lonus
what's that I said do you stink as bad
as Linus no he hasn't had to build any
computers can't hear you no he his hard
work was like
yesterday
yeah I can't believe we got 16 computers
built today and we did not all of them
happened on camera like Dennis made it
like what 40% of the way in Dan you
think if you look through the door to
your right Andy there's a whole bunch
out there yeah yeah Andy you should go
check him
out here we go I think you mean to the
left
though hey there they are so who
actually like worked on them there you
go there's ree Dylan and Josh and Rees
and
Justin hey Justin maybe new guy okay how
bad were mine were mine okay mine were
okay yeah all right nice the others were
yeah
okay well that was the deal today is I
had to build computers till I got good
at it so uh if Rees and Justin say I'm
good at it then I guess I'm good at it I
guess I don't have to build computers
anymore that's interesting how many
computers do you think a new person
somebody who's never ever done it before
would have to build to become an expert
um oh see that's a tough question
because it depends on what you want to
be an expert at and I know you just said
at building computer smart guy um but
just because you are good at building
say for example modern computers that
doesn't mean that you would be good at
um if someone were to bring you an older
machine that they needed help fixing for
example so like there are different
there are different eras of computer
hardware that you could be an expert at
and just because you're an expert at one
of them doesn't mean you would know
anything about others um and so I think
it's really hard to quantify
because oh shoot did I just pull that
out like if you handed someone from you
know the the P4 era an RGB wiring Hub an
RGB Hub and a bunch of RGB wiring and
stuff they'd be like this is ridiculous
right but if you were to hand someone
who's only ever built modern
computers IDE hard drives and Optical
drives they'd be like what do you mean
you slave and master I'm having
flashbacks move the jumpers around on
the thing and you got cable select so
then it should just know based on where
you plug it in on the cable but that
doesn't always work especially if one of
the drives was pulled out of an old
machine that did have the jumper set and
like it's a whole it's a whole thing
right um no so it's not so much that I
would say you have to build a quantity
of computers as that I would say you
have to build um a variety of computers
like once you've done it enough the odds
that you've kind of seen every curveball
increase but if you were to just
build 500 of the same computer I would
say you are probably not an expert I
would say you are um you are probably a
really Speedy assembly line worker but
you are not necessarily an expert
computer builder at all you have to
troubleshoot you have to you have to fix
other people's broken stuff you learn so
much faster fixing other people's
nonsense than you will just building
things from scratch and building them
properly in the first place um you also
get a lot faster uh if you if you have
to fix cuz then like the pressure's on
cuz people need their stuff back when
it's a new computer you know people go
from not having it to well I don't know
not having it until they have it whereas
if it's something that they're used to
using using and they need back right
away there's just a lot of uh or it's a
it's a w Show streaming machine and you
need to go live you know there's you
learn a lot more shortcuts and stuff and
I'd say knowing the right shortcuts and
avoiding the wrong shortcuts is a big
part of being an expert right um I don't
know see I would hesitate to even call
myself fully an expert because there's
types of Hardware that I have never
touched like if you put you put an old
like uh dual processor Mac in front of
me there'd be I'd probably be able to
stumble my way through it but there'd be
a lot of stuff that I'm not familiar
with all right let's plug this in I want
to do a build with you where we'll have
like a old 486 with the jumpers on the
motherboard to configure
everything
486 is before my time I uh I only really
got into the DIY scene in the Athlon XP
late Pentium 4 era like like Northwood
um I know a little bit from before that
but the stuff that I know from before
that is way before that because I went
straight from having in my room a
Pentium 90 I believe it was was either a
Pentium 90 or a Pentium 166 so Pentium
one I went straight from that to buying
myself an Athlon XP 2500 plus I missed
the
entire early gaming era early 3D gaming
everything I went straight from playing
like chips challenge okay like ano 1602
to and like TIE fighter okay to like
Warcraft
3 everything in between okay I shouldn't
say everything in between I played
Warcraft 2 on our family computer which
was a Pentium 200 MMX and then we didn't
upgrade that until we
got a P4
2.66 so both our family computer went
from P1 to P4 and from P1 and my
personal computer which was an inherited
one I didn't have it for that whole time
I like got it later and I was just happy
to have anything um I just wanted MSN
Messenger in my room um so I I went from
a P4 a P1 myself to an Athlon XP which
was essentially P4 equivalent
um and just absolutely nothing in
between so you hear people talking about
how their childhood was like Unreal
Tournament uh or like Quake or whatever
I didn't play I didn't play Quake until
I was running it on like an aflon 64 I
that was when I first played Quake 3
Arena at like a lan or something uh okay
all my RGB is working let's see if my
system works all right hit me Dan hello
lonus I work in security monitoring and
I get constant encounter customers with
faulty sensors which lead to false
positives in what way can we improve the
technology used in alarm
systems well one of the ways to improve
it would be to stop costing it down um
that was something that I was super
insistent on when we built out our new
house was that I didn't want anything
Wireless nothing Wireless I don't I
don't like Wireless as much as I like
wires so even like uh like motion
sensors and stuff like that all wired um
and honestly it's not even just like a
security issue or reliability issue
necessarily although those are
definitely advantages the big thing for
me is I just don't want to change
batteries because as soon as you have a
the whole point of a smart home is
everything's like connected and so as
soon as you put a battery in something
you're changing it once every year or
two and if you have 50 things in your
house that means you're going and
changing as some stupid usually some
like random button cell battery like
once every week once every other week
and you're not going to get around to it
and then it's going to kind of pile up
and then it's just it's just such a such
a nightmare um I'm not really answering
your question but the point is um
finding wired sensors like security
equipment these days is not easy nobody
wires anything up anymore and a big part
of that is that it's a cost down thing
even though the wireless sensors are
probably more expensive the labor on
installing them is way less and so I
guess what I'm trying to say is until
the industry decides like oh yeah we're
going to stop costing down and we're
going to start focusing on reliability
you're not going to see any change and
so since no industry is ever focused on
uh increasing quality these days and is
always focused on costing down I just
don't think it's ever going to change
you've done really well actually this is
is a really good progress yeah you don't
want to screw your power supply in yet
because yeah you have absolute wow with
your hands you can almost do it yeah are
you what's up that's crazy check this
out Andy she can actually at least
attempt to plug in the you have these
like skinny Chicken Little wrists look
at her wrists so she can actually get in
there and plug in the GPU with the power
supply SCP am can what what just like
look at
this that's crazy well it's hard to tell
but uh yeah there you go no I I I can't
get in there no no but am I not supposed
to put that in right well just no no you
are just the power supply it's easier if
you have the power supply unplugged and
you plug them all in and then put it in
but that's okay you don't actually have
to finish I'm done mine which is when
each one ends so are we only 17 minutes
over time uh yeah wow that's not bad
considering we were like 17 minutes
behind at the beginning yeah on the
first one and my last one I believe
should be good to go all right so I
think all that we have left is a couple
more merch messages right Dan that's
right we got about seven to go okay hit
me Dan sure hello lonus what would you
say is the most clever ringtone message
tone that you've had on your phone over
the years I have the sound of the Ping
from an M1 grand it's a head turner at
work uh I got to I got to be honest with
you guys I haven't customized my
ringtone since my Samsung Jive uh I just
don't care I I am running on both of my
phones you will you will see this is not
a thing I make up up I am running
whatever default wallpaper shipped on
them I other than making sure that all
of my icons are organized in groups and
are aware I can find them quickly and
easily when I have something to do my
phone is not an expression of or or my
my wallpaper is not an expression of
myself neither is my ringtone I think
one of my favorites was actually um from
a a gentleman who used to work here
Tyler who unfortunately uh passed away
way way too early he was taken from us
um and he had Crazy Frog as his ringtone
which every once in a while he would
forget to mute when we were shooting and
uh I could never really be mad about it
because it was so
funny
uh Hey sh quiet on set you know it's
good stuff good old Tyler um I have not
been to dream hack Sweden Maas you can
archive that one there you go sure hey D
land love the channels it's my gateway
to getting into tech tech yeah can we
get some behind the scenes videos of
Creator Warehouse processes and group
think since we have Tatiana from CW
there yeah so we've got some stuff that
is up on float plane right now uh oh you
can also subscribe on YouTube members uh
memberships if you don't mind paying
more for no reason um other than just
that it's convenient because your credit
card's already in the system um but
otherwise go to lmg Dogg flat plane
that's the way to go um and yeah we have
some stuff there and I think there's
more
coming What video during your 16 years
would you like to redo for any reason oh
man I I would imagine if I were to go
back and watch almost anything older
than the last year or so I'd probably
see so many things that I would change
about them um you know more detail here
better production value
there um fix my hair here you know
whatever right like I H some like some
something that I like regret I mean I'd
say I've probably said a lot of stuff on
W show that I that I that hasn't held up
I've
[Music]
um I would undo saying well no one will
ever use crypto for like actual
purchases back when that guy bought that
house that's one that I I like to bring
up a bad line is don't make bold
predictions like
that what else you got let's see thank
you and the team for inspiring to learn
more about technology lonus what is a
piece of advice you would give to your
22-year-old self marry that
girl good advice
really enjoyed the equinix data center
tour did you find anything there set up
to be applicable to how LT manages
servers and workstations so going back
to the last one I cannot emphasize
enough the importance of finding a
partner that builds you up rather than
that uh holds you down um so yeah know
that that was the best advice I could
give my 22-year-old self um I think when
did we get
married um how old even was I maybe 22 I
already knew 11 so 2011 minus 1986 I
don't even know that who can who can
even do math I can't do mental math um
not this late in the day yeah I've been
live for four hours there's no way I'm
doing Mental Math Dan's got it he's on
it okay he's not on it but he's going to
be now that I've said that he's on it I
don't think he was even listening all
right fine I'll do it he didn't even
have his he didn't even have his mic hot
when he was saying that it's been a long
day for all us 25 sorry we were 25 we
were 25 okay yeah no that would have
been good advice for me at that age TR
answer merch anyway equinex um no
there's like there's definitely really
cool stuff about their setup but
everything that they do is done properly
and even if we could afford to do things
properly like they do a that's no fun
and B it doesn't necessarily make sense
for us like the number of people that
I've seen come at me about the fact that
we don't have we still don't have a
backup for the vault there is no backup
for the vault and the reason is because
we just don't need it that badly we need
it exactly as much as um or like the our
willingness to put resource into it
resources into it is exactly equal to
the effort that we put in to make the
most affordable sensible possible mass
storage box that we could with you know
making cool content in mind and no more
we're not willing to spend money to
retain that data it's all finished
projects shipped projects if it if we
have it it's great it's actually
convenient and if we don't have it we
will keep making videos without it we'll
download copies off of YouTube I mean
even flow plane has years and years and
years of archived video on it that we
can download it full quality no problem
so it's very rare that we go back to an
old project and dig up a clip that
wasn't in the Final Cut almost I mean I
don't want to use the n right I don't
want to say never but almost never
there's no one from the editing team in
here I don't think hey Nicole are you
here no's oh she's gone okay oh yeah
coming to probably getting ready for
badon tonight let's go it's Tuesday wait
it's Tuesday wait what time does
badminton night start Von it started
already it started already oh we're late
yeah we are oh balls it's like 700 p.m.
yeah I didn't realize how late it was um
cool what was I what was I what question
was I answering uh why don't we have
backups for the mother B oh yeah because
we don't care I was going to ask Nicole
how often do you guys like use that and
she was going to say never um uh it's
come up a couple times but it's very
rarely yeah okay and as you said it's
often not necessary yeah we don't really
like need that honestly we would have
backups if lonus cared yeah yeah but I'm
not going to I'm not going to put money
into something and then I have people
asking okay well like well then why did
you guys bother to recover it when it
failed well because it's interesting
it is actually yeah because it was
really interesting that was why Wendell
contributed a not insignificant amount
of time because it was a really cool
learning experience for what happens if
you just allow a gigantic CFS server to
rot um yeah we don't let it rot anymore
so that's good we learned something so
that's cool but other than that yeah
we're not willing to put any money into
it because it just doesn't matter that
much we still replace tries and keep it
up to date like we do maintenance on it
right yep but if we lost it it would
have
zero impact on our business and at the
end of the day it comes down to Dollars
and cents when you're making investments
into the business and it's doesn't make
sense that's all I got all right well
hey thank you guys so much for tuning in
to Sweet 16 thanks to everyone who uh
bought a system today uh we're going to
be making a really nice little
charitable contribution uh hopefully
this week but maybe next week well
either way we want to get it done before
uh before the end of the year uh so
that'll be going to one of our local
food banks I think um right Jordan we on
show we'll let you guys we'll update you
guys on when show we'll get you guys uh
get you get that Loop closed there um
massive thank you to all of the partners
who sent over hardware for the stream
today and java. who sponsored the stream
today big thanks to all the members of
the team who came and embarrassed
themselves um the ones that don't know
how to build computers the ones that are
turning screw driver backwards my I'm
listening to you talk I can't multitask
thanks speaking of people who can't
build computers you're doing great H um
hey I'm trying yeah massive thanks to
the production crew today who obviously
um you know worked hard and of course
the most important members of our
production crew are tireless camera
operators who are not even going to be
able to give me this camera because it's
it's tied it's tied to them oh yeah
there you go there's Andy and don't
forget about second Andy and all the
logistics folks um there's reason I see
you yeah Reese is over
there nice okay see you guys again maybe
we'll uh maybe we'll have to do another
one we'll have to find some other excuse
to build a bunch of computers it'll be
good